--- Page 1 ---
CCCCCCCCC

IIIIIIIII

--- Page 2 ---

--- Page 3 ---
Chapter 1

EVERYTHING IN THE BIG, SHABBY ROOM WAS PAINFULLY
familiar. Not one thing had been changed in the months
since she had seen it last. There were the same faded
tan curtains at the window, one still hanging a little
askew; the same pictures; even the same discolored
spot on the wall over the fireplace.

She stood for one moment, listening. Nothing
stirred. Yet for that moment she had found herself
waiting for someone to speak.

It was a room she had never thought to see again.
Certainly not on such an errand. Suddenly she shud-
dered, one hand grasping a sharp corner of the mantel
for support, remembering the last time she had seen it,
when she had walked out swearing it was the last time.

Involuntarily her eyes turned toward the floor of the
kitchenette. The light from a tarnished bridge lamp
reflected on the little pool of blood that seemed like
a shadow reaching out toward the room. Once more
she resisted an impulse to turn and flee.

Was someone watching her?

No, that was impossible. She had shut and locked
the door. There was no one, could be no one, save her-
self, alive in the room.

Yet everywhere she turned, she could feel
eyes following.

--- Page 4 ---
Suddenly she noticed that the tips of four pale fin-
gers showed beneath the dingy green curtains of the
kitchenette. For an instant, she clung to the mantel,
fighting back the waves of weakness and nausea that
threatened to engulf her. What if she should faint, here
in this room, alone with that thing in the kitchenette?
What if someone should come in and find her here?

For the barest breath of time, she decided in favor
of flight.

But she knew there could be no escape from the
things she still had to do. It was the voice coming from
the radio set that reminded her. Suddenly she was
aware that it was still going on. All this time the radio
had been going, dance music, voices, crazy rhythms,
singing, laughter.

Had it been turned on, she wondered, an
hour before?

She detached her fingers slowly from the edge of the
mantel and walked over to the window, telling herself
that right now in ten thousand, a hundred thousand,
a million rooms, loud-speakers were still turned on,
families still gathered before their radio sets. Not so
very long ago switches had clicked and listeners had
settled back in their easy chairs to wait for her voice.
Right now, out on the Pacific coast, more listeners
were eyeing their clocks, making ready to tune in on
the rebroadcast.

Now, between broadcasts, there was the thing she
must do.

One longindrawn breath, her eyes closed, and then
she walked slowly around the room, carefully avoiding
the soiled green curtains of the kitchenette, reassuring
herself with the touch of familiar objects, the look of

--- Page 5 ---
familiar things.

Suddenly a voice, deep, warm, chocolatish, came
from the loud-speaker.

“You’re nobody’s sweetheart now. ...”

She wheeled to stare at the object of wood and wire
and, as she turned, a grotesque flicker of light momen-
tarily transformed the finger tips below the kitchenette
curtainsinto living, curling, and then uncurling things.

“It just don’t seem right, somehow, That you’re

nobody’s sweetheart now....”

With one quick frenzied movement, she clicked the
singing thing off in the middle of a word.

In the unsuspected silence, the harsh, indisputable
ticking of a clock reminded her that she had very little
time left. At the sound of it, her strength seemed to
return. All at once she ceased to be the great radio
star, the photographed and glamorous personality,
the wife of a well-known socialite, the protected darling
of the fan magazines. She was back in her childhood
again, back in the days when every mouthful of food
depended on resource and cunning, when each day’s
living had to be fought for with desperation. She could
still fight, she reminded herself, with the same cunning,
the same desperate frenzy.

Resolutely she wrenched her eyes away from the
kitchenette and began searching the room, hurriedly,
frantically, but still with a sort of disordered efficiency.
No one in the world—no one alive in the world—knew
that room better. She searched the imitation spinet

--- Page 6 ---
desk, with the long cigarette burn still showing on the
veneer, remembering with a little shudder the night it
had been made there. Nothing in the desk but news-
paper clippings and unpaid bills. The chest of drawers
in the closet was only a confusion of soiled shirts and
socks. She hunted through the bookshelves, filled with
inexpensive and unread editions of standard classics,
and pulled out one book after another, shaking it,
reaching behind the rows. She felt under the pillows of
the double bed that disguised itself as a studio couch,
extended experimental fingers under the mattress.

There was still the little hiding place behind the
cheap Venetian mirror, where they had once left notes
foreach other. She lifted out the mirror, ran her fingers
carefully along the ledge, while purplish dust accumu-
lated on her finger tips. Nothing there. Nothing but
one discarded hairpin, dust-covered and rusted. She
held it a moment on the palm of her hand, staring at
it, and recognizing it as her own. Had it been there all
this time?

But the thing she had come to find, the thing she
must find, the reason for her terrible errand, was
nowhere in the shabby room.

Was she being watched?

She stood, breathless, listening. There was the faint
dripping of water from the cold-water faucet in the
kitchenette. (Hadn’t that faucet been fixed in all these
months?) It sounded like the slow, remorseless, inex-
orable ticking of a clock.

There was so little time left!

Again she held herself back from headlong flight.
Too much depended on her now. So much? Everything!
Surely, she told herself, it was not so terrible a thing

--- Page 7 ---
to do. Worse things had been done in this world, and
bravely, too. Yes, even she herself had done them.

She was not only fighting for herself. There were
others to fight for, she remembered them one by one,
while slowly the courage she had lost came back to her.

There was no other way.

She went into the kitchenette, knelt on the floor,
and carefully, methodically, began searching the dead
man’s pockets.

--- Page 8 ---
Chapter 2

THE TALL THIN MAN IN THE LITTLE CONTROL ROOM
of the broadcasting studio stretched his long legs
uncomfortably under the black-and-chromium
table, absent-mindedly mussed up his red hair with
a carelessly straying hand, and tried to focus his tired
mind on the implications of what had just been said
to him.

The forty-seventh broadcast of the Nelle Brown
Revue had ended in a burst of applause from the studio
audience. He forced his thoughts back over past events:
Schultz, the control engineer, had made a final twisting
of dials and switches, grabbed his hat, and gone hurry-
ing off to get a sandwich between shows. Joe Mclvers,
from the advertising agency, had popped out of the
booth like a cork out of a bottle to phone the sponsor.
The usual procession of actors, musicians, sound men.
and assistants had filed out of the studio.

Then Nelle Brown had blown into the little glass
booth like a small tornado, her face dead-white
against her deep-rose dress, her eyes smoking with
fury. She had kicked the door shut, cursed the appa-
ratus that kept it from slamming, and said, “Jake, I’'m
being blackmailed.”

There had been a pause while he stared at her,
before she lit a cigarette, took one long puff, stamped

--- Page 9 ---
it out below the no smoking sign, added, “I’'m damned
if I will!” and vanished.

The import of what she had been saying began to
take form in his mind. Suddenly he sprang to his feet.
Part of the duty of a press-agent manager, he told him-
self, was to keep one’s client from being blackmailed.

What the devil had happened to Nelle Brown
this time?

There was no sign of her in the corridor. He stopped
a page boy.

“Miss Brown, sir? Try the reception room.”

She was not in the reception room.

“Nelle? | saw her beat it down the elevator.”

He caught the next elevator. It was crowded and
stopped at every floor like an old-fashioned milk train.
Nelle was nowhere in the lobby, nor in the bar nor the
restaurant nor the cigar stand.

Jake Justus, press agent, manager, and ex-reporter,
wondered again why, with untold billions of peoplein
the world, everything had to pick him to happen to.

He lit a cigarette and tried to think. Nelle hardly ever
left the studios between broadcasts. Could she possibly
have gone home? But why the hell should she do that?

He might try it anyway, if he could manage without
alarming Tootz, in case she hadn’t gone home.

He stepped in the cigar stand, called Nelle’s apart-
ment. No one answered. He stood holding the receiver
a long time, finally put it down, and methodically called
every place Nelle might have gone.

After half a dozen calls, it was apparent that she had
vanished into the very thinnest of air.

Damn it! he had to find her. He looked at his watch
and frowned at its reminder of only forty minutes left

--- Page 10 ---
until the rebroadcast for the West Coast.

Just at that moment, the idea came.

It was almost impossible. No, by God, it wasn’t at all
impossible. That was the one person most likely to be
blackmailing Nelle. Why the devil hadn’t he thought of
it before, instead of wasting all this time? He ran out
to the curb, hailed a taxi, gave the driver an address
on Erie Street, and told him for Pete’s sake to make
it snappy.

The taxi stopped before a long, dark building. Jake
told the driver to wait, bounded up the steps into a
many-cornered hall, and climbed the unlighted stairs to
the second floor. The air resounded with riotous tumult
from one of the apartments, a very devil of a row. He
grinned. He’d gone to a few parties in that building
himself! For a moment he wished he didn’t have the
rebroadcast to attend. Not that he knew the people
giving the party, but that would make no difference.
Then he remembered his errand, and stopped grinning.

He knocked at a door marked 215 and waited. There
was no answer. He noted a light shining through the
transom and knocked again, louder. Hard to hear any-
thing, with that infernal racket going on. He gave one
last, violent pound and the door, slightly ajar, fell open.

Nelle was not there. No one was in the room.

He went in slowly and cautiously, wondering what
to do next. Then he saw it in the kitchenette, crumpled
on the floor—the man Nelle Brown might have come to
see, the man who might have been blackmailing her—a
dark huddle on the linoleum, in a little pool of blood.

The man was dead. Shot, Jake thought grimly, and
not half shot. Nothing could be done for him now.

He stood there a moment, one hand twisting

--- Page 11 ---
the shabby green curtains of the kitchenette. The
thought of calling the police rose to his mind and was
instantly dismissed.

Blackmail or no blackmail, why had she done it?

He reminded himself this was no time to spend
thinking it over. Nelle might have left some trace of
herself. Moving quickly and carefully, he looked through
the room. There was nothing.

At last he went cautiously through the dead
man’s pockets, found no souvenir nor reminder of
Nelle Brown. There was a surprisingly fat packet of
twenty-dollar bills in the dog-eared wallet, and Jake
scowled. Where the devil had all that money come
from? The man had been broke, hungry broke, a week
ago. Now, here was a fistful of folding money. Jake
felt a pang of sympathetic regret. For all the man had
been arat, it was a damn shame he wouldn’t have the
spending of all that money, after being broke so long!

Oh well, as long as there was nothing of Nelle’s in
the place.

He looked at his watch. Fourteen minutes to
the rebroadcast.

He gave the room one last, hurried look, saw that he
had left no trace of his own visit, left the door slightly
ajarjust as he had found it, and raced to his waiting taxi.

“—and step on it, fella!”

The driver nodded, shot down the street, and imme-
diately became hopelessly embroiled in a traffic jam.

Where was Nelle Brown?

Jake Justus cursed himself as the stupidest of all
stupid fools. Why hadn’t he gone there to look for her
in the first place? Why hadn’t he managed to find her,
wherever she had gone? Or, failing to find her, why

--- Page 12 ---
hadn’t he gone back to the studio and arranged for a
double for the rebroadcast?

Now they would all be in the soup, unless someone
had had sense enough to rise to the occasion, which he
doubted. Again he took out his watch. Six minutes now.
What would they do? Probably throw in a substitute
program of sorts, and the sponsor, dear Mr. Goldman,
would have a litter of leopards. Hell would be calm and
quiet compared to what was going to pop. How was he
ever going to get Nelle out of this mess?

The taxi dumped him out at the door with less than
a minute to go.

He raced across the lobby, dived into a waiting ele-
vator, and gasped, “Late. Nelle Brown rebroadcast.”

The elevator operator, used to emergencies,
nodded, slammed the door, and the car shot upward
without a stop.

The elevator stopped at the studio floor and Jake
stepped into the reception room just as someone
turned on the loud-speaker. A voice, warm and rich
and dramatic, calm as a lake at early evening, and
absolutely unmistakable, filled the room.

“Golden Moon ... over the midnight sky. ...

Relief flooded over him in a great, almost unbear-
able wave. He leaned against the wall a moment,
catching his breath.

Of all thesilly things to have imagined! Just because
one of Nelle Brown’s ex-sweeties managed to get him-
self shot, he’d practically had Nelle strapped in the
electric chair. The idea of Nelle Brown murdering any-
body! She probably hadn’t even been near the place.

--- Page 13 ---
He slipped into the control room, mopping his
brow. Schultz grinned sympathetically, waved him into
one of the uncomfortable black-leather-and-chromi-
um-piped chairs.

There she was, standing beside Bob Bruce the
announcer, her face upturned, singing. There was not
a tremor, not even the faintest suggestion of a tremor,
in her voice.

Wherever she had gone between broadcasts, she
had returned safely and in plenty of time. Not one shin-
ing wave of her golden-brown hair was disturbed; her
exquisite, flowerlike face—though as pale as it had been
before—was newly powdered. Her deep-rose dress was
fresh and unwrinkled.

But her handkerchief!

Herimmense, pale-green chiffon handkerchief that
she passed nervously through her hands as she sang
had an ugly stain in one corner.

It had not been there when she left the studio.

Even through the heavy glass of the control-room
window, Jake Justus could see that it was blood.

--- Page 14 ---
Chapter 3

JAKE TOLD THE TAXI DRIVER TO GO AROUND GRANT
Park until further orders, and to close the glass
partition. Then he turned to Nelle, huddled in a corner.
“Paul March had it coming to him, but why did you
doit?”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” she
said sullenly.

He carefully unfolded the green chiffon handkerchief
across her knee so that the stain showed darkly. She
snatched it back from sight.

“What did you do with the gun, Nelle? | hope to
heaven you pitched it in the river.”

“I' never had a gun. I didn’t shoot him.”

He swore wearily and at length, without
repeating himself.

“Jake, please believe me.”

“I don’t give a damn if you shot him or not. My job is
to keep you out of trouble, and I’'m going to do it. Don’t
forget your contractis up for re-signing. It’s none of my
business whether or not you shot the guy, but will you
please tell me where you got the gun and what you did
with it, and who might have seen you going there, so
I’ll know just what I’'ve got to do first?”

“But | didn’t shoot him, Jake. You’ve got to believe
me. | was there tonight, yes. That’s right. But | didn’t

--- Page 15 ---
shoot him.”

“You said that before,” he said glumly.

“I went there. I’'d written him some letters,
last winter.”

Jake asked, “Just how bad were they?”

“Well—pretty warm. He was a—oh, skip that.
Anyway, he kept them. | should have known this was
coming when he called up and tried to borrow money
from me.”

“Did he succeed?” Jake asked interestedly.

Her answer was brief, vituperative, and profane.

“Well,” he said mildly, “I didn’t think you would.”

“I don’t mind loaning money to a friend, but not to
a skunk. Not after the way he treated me.”

“I don’t blame you,” Jake said, “but go on. He had
your letters. He tried to borrow money from you. Take
it up from there.”

“Jake, | said I should have seen this coming. Anyway,
| heard from him today. He sent me a note. Offered
to sell me the letters. You can imagine,” she said with
feeling, “just what would happen if Tootz should ever
know about this.”

“Tootz,” Jake said, “or your adoring public.” “Oh, the
hell with the public. Can’tyou think of anything else at
a time like this? Well anyway, Jake, | wasn’t going to
Kick in, not to that rat. | was going up there between
shows and scare the everlasting Goddamned living
daylights out of him, and get my letters back without
giving him a dime. I’d have done it too,” she added
thoughtfully, “if some bastard hadn’t gotten there first
and shot him.”

Jake said scornfully, “Who would want to shoot
him?” “Who wouldn’t?” Nelle asked, just as scornfully.

--- Page 16 ---
He tried to think of an answer to that one. couldn’t, and
asked instead, “What did you do with the letters?” “I
didn’t do anything with them. I didn’t find them.” “What
do you mean, you couldn’t find them?” “I said what
you heard. They weren’t there.” He murmured, “Good
God!” under his breath, and snapped his cigarette out
the cab window.

“Jake darling, | looked everywhere. | did everything
but tear the paper off the walls. Those letters weren’t
anywhere in the place.”

Aut it don’t make sense,” he said stupidly. “Either
he hadn’t really kept them and was just trying to bluff
me, or else somebody else has them now.”

Jakeinquired loudly of an unanswering and possibly
disinterested providence why he had ever taken on the
job of managing Nelle Brown.

Just the same, he looked at her with reluctant admi-
ration. Between broadcasts she had gone to bluff a
blackmailer into giving back the foolish letters she
had written him, and had found the man dead. She
had walked into what must have been an agonizingly
familiar room and stumbled on the murdered body
of a man she had been wildly in love with only a few
months before. (Or had she found him alive and left
him dead?) Whatever had happened, she had done
a magnificent job of the rebroadcast, as smooth as
though nothing, not even the most trivial thing, had
disturbed her.

Nelle Brown chose that moment to hurl herself at his
shoulder, bury her head in it, and begin to cry, noisily
and childishly.

“He used to be so sweet to me, Jake. Just sweet.
Good-for-nothing louse if there ever was one. Can’t

--- Page 17 ---
you imagine what it was like, walking in there tonight?
It was wintertime when—remember? | used to stop in
there and he’d have afire going in the fireplace, and he
always took my galoshes off for me, and I’d watch the
snow going down past the window. Everything looked
just the way it always did, with the little chromium
ash tray on the end table, the one we got with ciga-
rette coupons. And he was there on the kitchen floor,
dead. All bloody, Jake. | used to be so happy with him.
Remember how awful it was when Joe Mclvers had
him fired, and he told me that it was all just so he’d get
the job of producing the show? He hadn’t really cared
about me, he just wanted my show to do. Remember
how you sat up with me for three nights in a row, and
how we thought I’d never get sobered up for rehearsal,.
and that terrible Turkish-bath place you took me to?
| could have sworn he was in love with me. Oh, Jake,
he couldn’t have said some of the things he said and
not meant them.”

Jake held hervery gently for a few minutes and let
hertalk on and on, until at last she sat bolt upright and
said in a calm, perfectly clear voice, “I wonder where
in hell those letters are now.”

He looked at her and shook his head wearily. No, he
would never quite understand her. No one ever would.

“And all that money, Jake. Where did he get all that
money? | didn’t give it to him.”

“Somebody did,” Jake said thoughtfully. “Why?
Nobody would lend him that much.” He considered
it for a minute, and said, “He sold the letters to some-
body else. Or he was blackmailing somebody else
and somebody shot him. Or—but why shoot him and
then not take the money back?” He sighed. “He was

--- Page 18 ---
blackmailing somebody we’ will call A, and some-
body we will call B came in and shot him. This gets
too damned complicated, Nelle. You must have shot
him yourself.”

“Go to hell!”

He said slowly, “Aside from the problem of the let-
ters, you may have been seen going there tonight. Or
somebody may remember you used to spend a lot of
time with him last winter. | jumped to the conclusion
you’d shot him the minute I saw him, and it’s just pos-
sible, baby, a jury of twelve good men may jump to the
same conclusion.”

“No, Jake! Oh no!”

“It does happen to people,” he told her calmly. “And
even if that eventually doesn’t come about, you may
still get messed up in a nasty, sordid murder case, and
you know what happens to people in radio when they
get into things like that. Remember what happened
to Annette just because she was named as corespon-
dentin a very ugly divorce action. Swell little actress,
Annette, and not a director in town will touch her with
a ten-foot pole.”

“I know,” she said reflectively. “I paid Annette’s
rent for her last week, and only God knows what she’s
eating on.”-

“Well,” he said, “there’s an old, old saying, baby. It
might have happened to you.”

“And Tootz,” she said, her voice suddenly strained
and harsh. “Tootz. If he knew. Oh, Jake, that would be
awful. Jake, that mustn’t happen.”

“It may, when the police start nosing around in their
horrid, inquisitive way,” Jake told her.

“Jake, | shouldn’t have called the police when |

--- Page 19 ---
found him, should 1?”

He leaned back against the cushions and talked
emphatically to heaven about Nelle Brown.

“Hell,” she said, “nobody could be that stupid, at
least | know I’'m not.”

“The police will find out about it soon enough,” he
said, “and without our help, too. Just pray they don’t
learn that either of us dropped in there tonight, and
you also might pray that whoever has those letters is
a friend of yours.”

“What do you mean, Jake?”

“I mean that conceivably somebody murdered
March for them in order to do the blackmailing him-
self. In which case this affair might run into money.”

“Money,” Nelle Brown said scornfully. “Who the devil
cares about money?”

He reminded her briefly and untactfully that there
had been days when she would have sold the flowers
off her grandmother’s grave for the price of a cup of
coffee and a hamburger.

Sheignored him, and said, “But if whoever has those
letters is a friend of mine—"

“Then Paul March may have been murdered to get
you out of ajam.” He looked at his watch. “Listen, baby.
We’ll cope with those things later. Right now, you’ve got
to go to Max’s. Everybody from the show is going there,
and you’re expected. You’ve got to give the impression
thatyou don’t know what’s happened. Does Tootz think
you’re coming home tonight?”

“No.”

“Date with Baby?”

“Yes.”

“Well, when Baby shows up, send him home as soon

--- Page 20 ---
as you can. I’'m not going to let you out of my sight until
this breaks.” He tapped on the glass, told the driver
to take them to Max’s. “I’ll get you out of this some-
how, but you’ve got to do exactly as | tell you, every
blessed minute.”

“l'will, Jake.”

He felt agreeably sure he could depend on that.

At Max’s, he paused a moment in the doorway.
“Chase up to the little girls’ room and wash your face.
I’ll be waiting for you right here. For the love of Pete,
hide that damn handkerchief until you get a chance
to burnit.”

“Yes, Jake.” Her voice seemed almost too docile.

Jake decided to stop worrying. Luckily, Max’s was
the best place for her to be seen tonight. It was a com-
fortable, informal, noisy restaurant and bar, where the
cast of the Nelle Brown Revue usually gathered after
the show. Everyone would remember that Nelle Brown
had been there; everyone would remember that she
had been her usual lighthearted self. (He hoped!)

Oscar Jepps paused on his way to the bar. “Where
the hell have you two been all this time?”

“Riding around Grant Park in a taxi,” Jake said.

Oscar laughed appreciatively, shaking a collection
of chins. “That’s very funny.”

There was nothing, Jake reflected, like telling the
truth if you wanted to get a reputation as a wit.

Then Nelle returned, no sign of tears on her serene
face. The pale-green handkerchief was stuck outra-
geously through her bracelet, innocent of any stain.

“Washed it,” she whispered impishly.

They were greeted by an uproar of welcome from
one end of the big room. There was much confusion of

--- Page 21 ---
rearranging tables, shifting chairs, and ordering drinks,
but when everyone had settled down again, Jake was
right at Nelle’s side, where he had intended to be.

He sipped his rye slowly and looked around the
room. You couldn’t, he reflected, heave a brick in any
direction without hitting a radio artist. (And why not?)
There was Bob Bruce, big and blond and handsome (his
good-looking face was the trial of his life). Mclvers, look-
ing as though he never got enough sleep (he neverdid) ;
Lou Silver, a little, shiny-haired man, showing off before
a heavily mascaraed brunette; a stranger with glasses
and a red mustache (they never did find out who he
was) ; the pale, fastidious, Boston-accented John St.
John and his homely, brown-haired wife who could be
such amazingly good fun (Jake remembered the week
end of Oscar’s house party and had the grace to blush)
; a rather nice-looking blonde in a tight blue dress, and,
on the other side of Nelle, the inevitable Baby.

There was, to Jake, a curious unreality about it all.
There was the usual talk, the usual patter, the usual
drinking, the usual attempts to put Essie St. John under
the table. While only six or eight blocks away there was
that crumpled body on a kitchen floor. He remembered
how many times the man who lay dead had been with
them at Max’s, with everyone trying to be nice to him
for Nelle’s sake. Last year’s Baby, Jake thought grimly.

He looked slowly around the table. Had one of them
slipped over to that shabby apartment between broad-
casts and killed a man? But which one of them, and
why? Or had it been Nelle after all?

--- Page 22 ---
Chapter 4

HOW DID YOU GET TO BE A RADIO STAR?” THE RED-
haired stranger was asking Nelle. .

One of the penalties of being a radio star, Jake
reflected, was that everyone asked you how you got
to be that way.

Nelle simpered ever so slightly, and said, “Well, |
used to sing in the choir in the little Nebraska town
where | was brought up, and one day—"

“Hell’s bells,” Oscar growled, “couldn’t Jake write
you a better story than that?”

“He has,” John St. John said dispassionately, “sev-
eral,infact. Why don’t you write the true one someday?”

Jake grinned and said, “I might,” and wondered
what would happen if he ever did. Nelle had been the
daughter of a cheap entertainer in a fifth-rate dive. A
few years in public school and a ratty home in a one-
room basement apartment from which she was chased
to the neighborhood movie whenever her mother had
“company” constituted her childhood and education.

“How did you get into show business?” the red-
haired stranger persisted.

Nelle looked him straight in the eye and told him
she had been born backstage and had played little Eva
at the age of six. The red-haired stranger looked inter-
ested but skeptical, and Jake remembered that Nelle

--- Page 23 ---
had been adopted by the boss of a traveling medicine
show at the age of twelve. He had seen pictures of her:
a thin, rather attractive, leggy child, with a mass of curly
hair, and immense, hungry eyes. Two years later, pro-
fessing to be sixteen, she had turned up in the chorus
of a second-rate burlesque company.

Along way from that to the Nelle Brown Revue. Jake
sighed deeply, ordered another rye, and reflected that
if this murder story broke the wrong way, Nelle would
zigzag right back to a second-rate burlesque company.

“Let’s not talk about me,” Nelle was telling the red-
haired stranger, her eyes wide and dewy. “Let’s talk
about you.”

The tableful of Nelle’s friends cheered raucously,
and the stranger lapsed into a discouraged silence.

“The truth is,” Oscar Jepps said, “when Nelle was
seventeen she got to be a movie extra, and that’s how
the whole thing started.”

He neglected to add that when Nelle was seven-
teen her life included some five years in more-or-less
dubious show business and a marriage that had ended
abruptly when her husband shot it out with the police
of Kansas City. But the curious stranger appeared to
be satisfied.

John St. John chose that particular moment to ask,
“Did you ever find your script, Nelle?”

Nelle gave several minutes to discussing the undi-
luted whatsisname who could have stolen her script
out of the studio before the broadcast, making it neces-
sary for herto mark up another one at the last minute.
She implied that whoever would have done such a
thing had a maternal parent who was African, illiterate,
unwashed, and unwed.

--- Page 24 ---
The red-haired stranger looked a little startled.

John St. John lifted his left eyebrow a trifle and
muttered something about the inexcusable careless-
ness of leaving a script in the studio. Jake repressed
an impulse to ask him whether his pale hair had been
parted by an architectural draftsman or a certified
public accountant.

Someone sent for another round of drinks.

The mascaraed brunette leaned across the table
and asked, “Miss Brown, didn’t you used to sing with
Dick Dayton’s band?”

Nelle nodded. “Almost a year. That’s where | met
Jake, he was managing Dayton. Dayton was a big suc-
cess and | was a big success, and so we splitup.”

Mclvers broke his usual morose silence. “Eigh-
teen months ago | had Nelle all ready to sign on the
dotted line. Her own show, her own name headlined,
and enough money every week to choke a horse. And
then she went and got married.” He looked sadly into
his glass.

Jake wondered why so many agency account exec-
utives appeared to have been marked by some great
personal tragedy. The only real tragedy he knew of in
Joe Mclvers’ life was that his pet sponsor, Papa Gold-
man, liked to fish, and Joe didn’t.

The red-haired stranger whispered to him confiden-
tially, “Miss Brown is married?”

Jake nodded. “Henry Gibson Gifford.”

The stranger’s eyes grew appreciative. “Socialite
millionaire. | know who heis.”

“Not a millionaire any more,” Jake reminded him.

The stranger looked meditative. “Sixty, isn’t he?”

“Young in heart,” Jake said, wishing the man would

--- Page 25 ---
go away.

“Talking about Tootz?” Oscar Jepps asked amiably,
taking his plump hand off the arm of the blonde in blue.

Jake nodded and wished the red-haired stranger
onto Oscar.

“Handsomest man of his age or any age in the city
of Chicago,” he heard Oscar mumbling. “Best-dressed
man in America. Most beautifully tended white hair
and mustache in the civilized world.”

Jake recalled a bright-eyed and glowing Nelle con-
fiding in him that Henry (though even then she called
him Tootz) was so sweet, and she adored him. Of course
she was marrying him for his money. She’d be a fool
not to, wouldn’t she? But he was such a lamb. She’d
want to marry himif he didn’t have a dimein the world.
Jake had told her at the time that she could think up
the sweetest stories.

Oscar was explaining to the red-haired stranger that
Nelle would probably never have returned to radio if
Gifford and Company hadn’t failed, leaving Tootz with
nothing except the shirt on his back, and a mortgage
on that.

“But didn’t Henry Gibson Gifford lose his mind
after the crash?” the red-mustached stranger asked
in a whisper perfectly audible two blocks away. Three
people managed to kick him under the table as he
reached the last word.

“He has delusions,” Oscar murmured. The shadow
of a grin crossed his cheerful, moonlike face.

Everyone began talking about the night’s broadcast.

Five drinks later, the red-haired stranger remem-
bered something he had wanted to ask Nelle for a
long time.

--- Page 26 ---
“How did you get to be a radio star?”

At that point Nelle was warmed up to answering, “I’ll
tell you, if you’ll tell me how you got to be such a dope.”

The stranger was squelched again.

The party went on talking about the broadcast. Jake
found he was pleasantly able to answer questions and
remarks without annoying his mind about what he was
saying. He heard St. John’s chilly voice address the
young man next to Nelle as “Baby” and noticed the
frown that crossed the young man’s face.

He felt a little sorry for Baby. What the hell was his
real name, anyway? Oh yes, Macy McKee. No wonder
Nelle called him Baby. A little different from the usual
men in Nelle’s life. Young—a little too young for Nelle,
he thought—a newcomer to Chicago from somewhere
in the East. Not a bad actor, either. Oscar had praised
his work, and no one was a better judge. Well, his affair
with Nelle would give him a chance to show what talent
he had. By the time it broke up, he ought to be estab-
lished as an actor. Jake wondered if the boy knew that.

That reminded him of the current mess Nelle was in.

“Don’t forget to chase Baby home,” he whispered
to her.

She nodded, and about three drinks later the young
man was gone.

From Jake’s point of view, it was not a successful
party. Perhaps, he told himself, because he was staying
too sober. Or perhaps because he was trying to pick a
likely murder suspect from the group around the table.

He managed a warning glance at Nelle, cleared his
throat ever so little, and asked casually, “Anyone here
seen Paul March lately?”

For an instant it was as though mass paralysis had

--- Page 27 ---
struck the party. (Though, he decided later, that might
have been shock at his tactlessness in mentioning Paul
March in front of Nelle.)

In the breath of time before several people mur-
mured, “No,” and several others hastily changed the
subject, he thought that Essie St. John, Oscar Jepps,
Joe Mclvers, St. John and the red-mustached stranger
all turned pale and looked guilty. He wondered if he’d
turned pale and looked guilty himself.

The only positive decision he reached was that it
was a damn silly idea to bother to stay sober, murder
or no murder. He sighed, relaxed, ordered a double rye,
and wished he was back press-agenting Dick Dayton
and his dance band.

Oscar Jepps began insulting Mclvers. Oscar always
had to insult someone to feel happy; he claimed it
was the great producer in him coming to the surface.
Everyone knew him as the gentlest and kindest hearted
man alive, and besides, no one as fat as Oscar Jepps
could be really insulting. Mclvers took it gloomily, but
nicely; everyone always insulted him just as a matter of
course. It was like the Armenians, Jake thought, people
were always massacring them because it seemed so
suitable. There were some disconsolate individuals
who were born to be abused; they either grew up to
be Armenians or account executives in advertising
agencies. Joe Mclvers always perspired and achieved
a deeply apologetic air when insulted.

Jake remembered suddenly that Joe Mclvers hadn’t
attended the rebroadcast. That was funny. He won-
dered where he had been.

John St. John wandered upstairs and lost twenty
dollarsin acrap game. Everyone was secretly delighted.

--- Page 28 ---
While he was gone, Essie St. John made a date with
Bob Bruce, and everyone pretended not to hear. The
blonde in the tight blue dress asked Jake how she could
get ajobinradio, and gave him her telephone number,
which he promptly lost. The red-mustached stranger
upset his drink across the table.

It was exactly like every other evening at Max’s that
Jake could remember. Except that one man who had
spent so many evenings at Max’s lay dead behind the
dingy green curtains of a little kitchenette.

The heavily mascaraed brunette slapped Lou Silver,
probably with good reason, and left the table. Lou
chased after her, and Oscar remarked that Lou Silver
spent half his time chasing women.

“Ever catch any?” the stranger asked.

Oscar spotted Lou coming back alone, and said,
“No.”

Lou played the out-of-tune piano and Nelle sang
requests for everybody in the place. (A thousand or so
a week for one program, Jake thought, and she’d sing
all night for anyone who bought her a drink.)

Eventually, to his great relief, it was time to go home.
There was the usual confusion over who was going
where in whose car; in the midst of it he managed to
get Nelle away without anyone noticing that they left
together. Not that anyone would have cared. She mut-
tered something about her fate being in his hands,
curled up with her head on his lap, and went to sleep.

A sudden idea came to Jake, and he told the driver
to go down Erie Street, slowly. Damned fool thing to
do, he told himself. But he was curious. He wanted to
see just what kind of a rumpus was going on at the
scene of the murder.

--- Page 29 ---
There was no rumpus going on at all. No lights, no
crowds on the sidewalk, no police cars in front of the
long, low building. Nothing.

Was it possible the murder hadn’t been discovered?

Evidently it was not only possible, but true. Well, it
would come any minute now. He knew that building
from away back; people went wandering in and out of
other people’s apartments all day and night. Sooner
or later someone would wander into apartment 215.

A little later he deposited Nelle on the bed, covered
her with a blanket, shaded the light from her face, and
stood looking at her.

Nelle Brown. Her flaming rages when anything went
wrong in rehearsal. Her spectacular language in anger,
gleaned from years in burlesque companies, cheap
night clubs, and God knows where. The quick recov-
ery she made from the very worst of her rages. The
intensely dramatic quality of her singing and acting.
The way she bullied poor Joe Mclvers at the agency.
Escapades that all but turned Jake’s red hair white,
keeping her out of trouble. Her insane love affairs,
always ending disastrously. Her honest friendliness
and generosity, always good for a touch. Her sweetness
and gentleness with Tootz, always bringing a curious
tightness into Jake’s throat.

Now, a mix-up in a murder case. She was, Jake
reflected, just twenty-three years old! Lots more could
still happen.

He poured himself a drink, turned his radio to the
police calls, and sat listening.

“Car117,go to 1219 Melvia Street, a disturbance in
a tavern. W-P-B-D. Car 221, get a dog-bite report at 716
Marquise Avenue. Car 221, at 716 Marquise Avenue, a

--- Page 30 ---
dog-bite report. W-P-B-D. Car 415, a suspicious man
at the corner of—”

He poured himself another drink.

“W-P-B-D. Car 134, at the corner of State and Elm
Streets, a policeman calling for assistance—"

“Officer, call a cop,” Jake said happily, and went
on listening.

“—and Wabash. Car 152, at Eighth and Wabash, a
man lying on the sidewalk. W-P-B-D. Car 123, a cat is
caughtin a drainpipe at—"

After an hour he switched off the radio, reflected
that he would read all about it in the morning papers.
There was nothing he could do about it tonight anyway.
He turned off the light and went to sleep in his chair.

--- Page 31 ---
Chapter 5

AT EIGHT O’CLOCK IN THE MORNING, HE SPONGED
Nelle’s face with a cold wet cloth until she blinked,
opened her eyes, stared at him, and suddenly sat
bolt upright.

“Jake. Last night. Something happened.” “A murder,”
he told her calmly, lighting a cigarette and putting it
in her mouth.

She lay perfectly still for a long time, her face as
impassive as the bottom of a bottle.

“We went to Max’s. How did | get here?”

“Up the freight elevator. Over my shoulder, like a

sack of potatoes.”

“Idon’t believe it.”

“Ask the bellhop. He always helps me carry my
women up the freight elevator.”

“| suppose it’s the only way you can get them here,”
Nelle said reflectively and insultingly. She glanced
at the rose taffeta dress. “I’'d better phone for some
clothes to go homein.”

“I’ve already attended to that detail.”

“You think of everything, don’t you! What a man-
ager!” She slid her feet off the bed, made a heroic effort
to stand upright without wavering, finally succeeded,
and shuddered. “But you never should have allowed
those two Chinamen to commit suicide in my mouth.”

--- Page 32 ---
“There’s a new toothbrush in the bathroom and a
jarof cold cream. The right kind, | hope. | went out and
got them for you. Coffee and the morning papers are
coming up. You’d better brace yourself for both with
a shower bath.”

“Yes, doctor. I’'ll be a new woman in five minutes.”
She paused lengthily, her face pale. “Jake. Jake, have
you heard anything yet?”

He shook his head. “It’ll all be in the papers, my pet.
Go take your bath.”

Coffee and the newspapers arrived as she emerged
from the bathroom, her gold-brown hair damp and
glistening, her face freshly powdered, her fragile body
all but lost in Jake’s bathrobe. He divided the coffee
and newspapers equally between them.

A crisis in Europe. Adivorce in Hollywood. Robbery
of an alderman’s wife. Avice probe in the suburbs. Dis-
appearance of a high-school girl from Elkhart. Indiana.

Several Congressional investigations. Two people
killed in a traffic accident. Nothing else on page one.

“It’s a front-page story,” Jake muttered with
professional contempt.

Nothing about the Erie Street murder, not on page
two, page three, page four. Nothing in the entire paper.
They went through the pages twice, three times, finally
kicked the papers under the bed, and sat staring stu-
pidly at each other.

“Jake, it can’t be! They must have found him. Some-
body must have found him. The door. You know. You
said you left it ajar. Somebody would have gone in
and found him. People go wandering around that
building all the time. Especially when there’s a party
going on, and there was a party next door. Jake, I’'m

--- Page 33 ---
going crazy. Do something. Jake, somebody must have
found him—e”

“Shut up,” Jake said. “I'll find out.” He picked up the
telephone, called a number, and waited. “May | speak
to Paul March?”

He held the receiver to his ear while Nelle paced
the floor distractedly. “Evidently he hasn’t been found
yet. Landlady said she’d ring him.” A long wait. “Hello?
| wonder if you’d mind going up and waking him? It’s
very important.” Again he sat holding the receiver, an
even longer and more terrible wait.

“Adirty trick,” Nelle said, “a very dirty trick to send
her up there to find the body.”

Jake said impatiently, “Well, God damn it, some-
body’s got to find—hello? Yes. Thank you. No, I'll
call again.” He put the telephone down very slowly
and deliberately.

“Jake!”

“She says,” Jake said very calmly, “that he isn’t
there. She says that he evidently didn’t come home
last night.”

It was a long and an uncomfortable silence.

“But,” Nelle said, and stopped. “But. No, it’s
not possible.”

Jake lit a cigarette, walked to the window, and stood
looking out. “Nelle, 've got to know now. The sensible
thing, of course, is to sit tight and wait for develop-
ments. But I’'m not going to do it.”

“Jake, what are you going to do?”

“Idon’t know yet. Give me a little time.”

He continued to stare moodily out the window.

The arrival of Nelle’s maid with her clothes was a
welcome diversion. Jake tactfully went downstairs for

--- Page 34 ---
cigarettes he didn’t need, and returned fifteen minutes
later to find Nelle a vision in pale-brown wool and vast
quantities of red fox. Her hair was smooth and shining
over her shoulders; she was crumpling a soft felt hat
between her hands.

“Very nice,” he said approvingly.

“Jake, you’ve got to do something. You’ve got to. |
can’t stand this.”

“Oh yes you can. You’ve damned well got to stand
it.” He stood looking at her for a long moment. How
anybody so lovely and so fragile could get mixed up in
so damn many things. And now, murder. It wasn’t fair,
by God, no it wasn’t. All he wanted was a nice quiet life
as a manager and a press agent, and here he was with
a chronic earthquake on his hands.

“You’d better go home,” he said at last.

She nodded. “Tootz expected me hours ago.
Probably he’s worrying himself crazy right now.” She
grinned wryly. “Or maybe | ought to say he’s worrying
himself sane.”

“Don’t, Nelle.” He winced.

“Don’t you think it hurts me worse than it does you?
Anyway, Tootz isn’t crazy. He’s just a little different from
other people.”

“Just eccentric,” Jake murmured.

She smiled at him, and then frowned. “Jake, who
killed Paul March?”

“Idon’t know,” Jake said, “but | hope you didn’t.”

He took her downstairs, put her in a taxi, and sent
her on her way, warning her to stay home, stay sober,
and keep her chin up and her mouth shut until she
heard from him.

It was not far to the Erie Street address. He stood at

--- Page 35 ---
the corner of Ohio and Michigan, looking at the river
of traffic going past, and decided to walk. No sense in
letting the world, or even one possibly inquisitive taxi
driver, know where he was going.

The day was warm and sunny and pleasant. Groups
of laughing people passed him on their way to the
beach; smartly dressed and perfectly turned-out men
and women jostled others casually clad in beach
robes, dressing gowns, and pajamas. Jake passed a
tennis court where brown-skinned youngsters in shorts
were making a big job of batting balls back and forth.
Here and there a few scraggly trees moved gently in
the wind. It was a wonderful day, a heavenly day, a
marvelous day. And instead of strolling lazily in the
sun, watching the tennis players and the swimmers at
Oak Street Beach, he was going to that shabby little
one-room apartment, to find out why no one had dis-
covered the huddled body on the kitchen floor.

The apartment building was a group of remodeled
dwellings that had been made into one by the simple
expedient of cutting doors through the first-floor halls.
The result was a perfect labyrinth of hallways, a con-
glomeration of odd-shaped apartments all the way
from the attic to the basement, no two alike, old-fash-
ioned bathrooms and temperamental plumbing, and
an insane confusion of stairways. Including first-floor,
basement, and rear entrances, Jake had once totaled
eleven different ways of getting into and out of the
building. Yetit had an indescribably comfortable charm.

He thanked a provident heaven that few people
were stirring in the halls. The inhabitants with jobs
had already left; those without jobs were still asleep.
He walked along the hall, went around two corners,

--- Page 36 ---
and up a flight of stairs.

There was, he noticed, a tomblike silence in the
apartment that had housed last night’s riotous brawl.

At the door to Paul March’s apartment, he paused.
He was, he decided, being either very smart or very
dumb. It was going to be difficult to explain his pres-
ence, if someone happened to walk in and find him
there. If someone happened to be in there right now,
it was going to be just as difficult to explain his arrival.

He knocked on the door, and waited.

No answer.

Whatin blazes was he going to do after he did go in?
Make a noisy gesture of finding the body? Dash down to
the lobby yelling, “Murder!” Explain that he had come
to see Paul March, and found him dead?

Explain how he, Jake Justus, press agent and
manager of Nelle Brown, was going to see Paul March—
when everyone in town (save Tootz, Mr. Goldman, and
the general public) knew all the details of last winter’s
March-Brown affair?

Or it was going to look very silly to stroll down to the
lobby and say to the landlady, “Look here, there’s been
a murder up in 215, and you ought to report it to the
police.” Just like that, as though he were reporting the
unwelcome presence of a cockroach in the kitchen sink.

What possible good was it going to do to go in that
room, take a look at the remains of Paul March, and go
away again? The chances were Nelle was completely
in the clear. No one could have seen her going to the
apartment last night. No one was going to involve herin
this. The thing to do was to go quietly away and forget
about it.

Having reached that sensible decision, Jake tried

--- Page 37 ---
the door. It was still unlocked. He pushed it open slowly
and stood in the little hallway for a moment. The light
had been turned off, probably by the landlady when
she went to call Paul March to the telephone. But if she
had gone into the room, she would have discovered
the murder. No, she couldn’t have gone in. Then who
had turned off the light?

There was an unpleasant coolness in the exact
center of his stomach.

Slowly and very quietly he went in. Everything
looked just as it had been the night before.

Then he looked toward the kitchen.

No, everything was not as it had been the
night before.

The kitchen linoleum was clean and shining and
unspotted, newly washed. The huddled body of Paul
March was gone.

--- Page 38 ---
Chapter 6

TAKE STOPPED IN AT THE LITTLE BAR ON THE CORNER
and ordered a double rye. He needed it. Then he
strolled over to Michigan Avenue and began walking
north, hardly conscious of where he was going.

What the hell!

There was this way of looking at it. Now that the
body of Paul March had disappeared, there wasn’t the
same chance of Nelle being involved in a nasty murder
case. The body might turn up again somewhere else,
but this would give him a little time.

A fine thing, with Nelle’s contract up for renewal. If
the body had been found, and if Nelle had been seen
going to the building last night, and if she’d been fool
enough to tell anyone that March was blackmailing
her—! But, he thanked his stars, it hadn’t been found.

What the devil had happened to the body of
Paul March?

Of course, it wouldn’t have been hard to smuggle a
body out of that building. It wouldn’t be hard to smug-
gle an elephant out of there, especially with a party
going on. But where was the body now? What had been
the idea of taking it away? And when would it be found?

There was an amusing possibility that it never
would be, and no one would ever know Paul March
had been murdered. No one save three people: Nelle,

--- Page 39 ---
the unknown murderer, and himself. Jake conceded to
himself that this might be two people. Of course, the
disappearance would make some stir. After all, Jake
reflected, the man must have had some friends. It was
a cinch he had had some creditors. Anyway, there was
the landlady to make inquiries. But a disappearance
was hardly the same as murder.

Suppose no one ever knew!

All right, Jake thought, suppose no one ever did. It
was no skin off his nose. Murder, as such, didn’t worry
him. This wasn’t his murder, and he didn’t want to
make it his. But Nelle was a valuable property, far too
valuable to be destroyed. This might be profitable pub-
licity in some other branch of the entertainment world.
But not in radio. Oh no, Jake thought, not in radio!
One good strong breath of scandal and Nelle’s value
would drop to zero overnight. He’d seen it happen to
too many others.

He speculated calmly on the possibility of Nelle as
the murderer. If she had been, though, who had moved
the body? Not Nelle, he’d been with her every minute
since the rebroadcast.

His mind moved on to the next problem. Where were
Nelle’s letters? This was a far more serious menace than
an obligingly disappearing corpse.

He decided that it was something he couldn’t cope
with himself, and a name popped into his mind. John
Joseph Malone.

Merely thinking of the name made him feel that the
whole problem was a simple one, already half solved.
John Joseph Malone, untidy, resourceful little criminal
lawyer, who boasted that he could get anybody out
of any mess. He could certainly get Nelle Brown out

--- Page 40 ---
of this one.

Jake remembered how John Joseph Malone, whom
he had known from his first days as a reporter, had
turned up the real murderer of Miss Alexandria Ingle-
hart of Maple Park and exonerated the murdered
woman’s niece, Dick Dayton’s bride* [[Eight Faces at
Three]] That had been a tough one, even for Malone.
(Though the lawyer still insisted that if Holly Inglehart
Dayton had been brought to trial, he could have won an
acquittal on the first ballot with an insanity defense.)

The thought of Malone brought another name to
mind, and the shadow of a frown crossed his lean face.

Helene Brand! Was there another woman in the
world like Helene Brand? She had wandered into the
Inglehart case, a childhood friend of Holly, and had
gone through it to the cockeyed end.

For a very long time now, he had tried not to think
of Helene Brand. All during the Inglehart case he had
tried to find time to carry out some very important
and quite dishonorable intentions he had regarding
her. Then when the case was closed, he had suddenly
realized he wanted to marry her.

Insane and impossible idea! Helene Brand of Maple
Park, famous beauty, socialite, heiress. Jake Justus of
downtown Chicago, ex-reporter, manager, promoter,
press agent, who would never amount to a damn. Yet,
realizing her importance to him, he knew that he could
not make casual love to her. That had been what she
seemed to expect and—thoroughly disgusted with him,
no doubt—she had vanished. Oh, it was probably just as
well. He could see now that he hadn’t meant anything
to her. Just an escapade, a mad moment in the life of
an heiress. Nuts!

--- Page 41 ---
It had been nearly a year and a half ago. He remem-
bered telling Nelle, in the worst stages of her heartbreak
over Paul March, that time took care of everything in
its own way. Well, time hadn’t seemed to make much
impression on his memories of Helene Brand.

Why the devil couldn’t he forget her, anyway? He
would never see her again.

But he knew it was the image of Helene Brand that
kept him from making love to Nelle Brown, as Lou
Silver, and Schultz, and Oscar, and nearly everyone
connected with the program had done or tried to do.
The delicately sculptured face of Helene Brand would
always superimpose itself on any face he tried to kiss.
The silvery, mocking laughter of Helene Brand would
always drown out any lovely voice that called to him.

He reminded himself that he was not going to think
of Helene Brand, and with a wrenching effort brought
his mind back to today, to now, to Nelle Brown, the
Nelle Brown Revue, and the murder of Paul March.

John Joseph Malone would handle it. Malone would
find a way.

Jake passed Chicago Avenue, passed a group of
chattering bathers bound for Oak Street beach, noticed
Chicago’s Best-Dressed Woman crossing Michigan
Avenue, and paused for a moment by the old water
tower, gazing at the Palmolive Building as it stood,
sharp “and clear, against a blazing blue sky. He had
seen it a thousand times before—veiled by snow, bril-
liant in the sunlight, or blurred by summer rain—but
this time he paused to gaze and admire, letting the
combination of gray stone and intense blue sky drive
the worries of the moment from his tired mind.

In that moment a wonderfully familiar voice spoke

--- Page 42 ---
just behind him.

“It looks just the way it does on the post cards!”

He wheeled around, knowing he couldn’t mistake
that mocking drawl, not daring to believe it. It was
true. Helene Brand!

There she stood, as patrician, as beautiful, as per-
fect as ever, in the midst of the noontime crowds on
Michigan Avenue. Her pale blond hair was exquisitely
in place, and she was dressed simply in a very low-cut
pale-violet chiffon evening gown. She was carrying a
Parma violet evening wrap. And she was not sober,

“Well!” said Jake Justus inadequately. “Well! Imag-
ine meeting you here!”

--- Page 43 ---
Chapter 7

“HELLO, BABY,” JAKE JUSTUS SAID TENDERLY.

The exquisite blond girl on the bed moaned, stirred,
sat up. For a moment she sat there blinking, looking
around the disordered room: a half-empty bottle on the
dresser, an overtuned ash tray on the floor, her evening
wrap fastened gracefully around the bridge lamp in
the corner, and Jake Justus in the easy chair by the
window, surrounded by a squirrel’s nest of newspapers.

“Hello, baby,” he said again.

“Well, well, well. Here we are again.” She yawned
and stretched. “What was the crack Malone made once
about life being a bum phonograph record that kept
slipping back and playing the same groove? My life,
anyway.” She yawned again.

Jake said, “There’s something about history repeat-
ing itself. Seems like | read it somewhere, in a book. So
first I get mixed up in a murder, and then I run into you.”

“Murder,” she said, laughing politely. “That’s
very funny.”

“Itis very funny,” Jake told her, “because that’s what
happened. And Malone is on his way here right now.”

She stared at him. “You couldn’t be telling me the
truth, by any chance?”

“I could be,” Jake said, “and | am. How do you feel?”

She shuddered.

--- Page 44 ---
“I imagined so,” he said reflectively. “Where were
you, or do you know, or does it matter?”

“A party,” she told him. “It’s probably still going on
if you’d like to go. I didn’t like any of the people, so |
went for a walk and | met you.”

“Nice dress,” he said. “Pretty color.”

She nodded. “Yes, it is. Tell me about this murder.”

“Later,” he said.

“How did | get here?”

“You went to sleep,” Jake said. “On the corner of
Michigan and Chicago Avenues. | brought you up the
freight elevator. Helene, have you missed me?”

“Terribly,” she said. “Tell me, Jake, whom did you .
murder, and why?”

“I didn’t murder him,” Jake said, “and | hope my
clientdidn’t. Where have you been since | saw you last?”

“Florida,” she said, “and Paris and Lake Geneva and
Wyoming. Who is your client, and who was murdered?”

“Nelle Brown,” Take told her. “You’ve heard her.

Nelle Brown’s Revue. Why did you disappear the
way you did?”

“I'll tell you why sometime. Nelle Brown’s good. |
like to listen to her. Whom did she murder?”

“Maybe she didn’t murder anybody,” Jake said, “but
somebody did, only the body’s missing. Have you been
having a good time?”

“Wonderful,” she said, “and stick to one subject,
damn you. Who was murdered, and if Nelle Brown
didn’t do it, who did, and how do you know anyone
was murdered if you can’t find the body?”

Befere Jake had a chance to wrestle with that one,
John Joseph Malone arrived.

The famous criminal lawyer was a short, plumpish,

--- Page 45 ---
untidy little man, with disturbed black hair, and a round
red face that always grew rounder and redder with
agitation. At the moment he had been celebrating the
acquittal of a charming young woman who had shot
her husband, and as the case had been a difficult one,
complicated by the fact that her husband had been a
police officer, he was red-eyed and tired. He was not
surprised to see Helene Brand. Nothing ever surprised
John J. Malone.

“Give me a drink,” he said, sitting down in the most
comfortable chair and dropping an inch of cigar ash on
his vest. “I got her off. Uncovered enough monkey-doo-
dling going on in the police department so that | could
talk all the brother officers of the deceased—persuade
them, so to speak—to get up and testify that he was
an unmitigated sonofabitch who deserved shooting.
He was, too. It was no perjury.” He looked at Helene.
“Where did you find her?”

Jake told him, and poured three drinks.

“Now,” Helene said, “now that Malone is here,
maybe you’ll give out about this murder of yours.”

Jake scowled into his rye. “l can’t prove that there
was a murder,” he said slowly, “because the body’s
lost. But Nelle saw it, and | saw it, and I'd be convinced
that she did it, except that she told me she didn’t, and
she wouldn’t have any reason for lying to me about it.”

Malone sighed heavily and gloomily. “It would make
life a lot simpler if you’d stay sober when you have
something to tell me.”

“I am sober,” Jake said indignantly, emptying the
glass of rye down his throat. “And there was a body,
and itis lost.”

“All right, all right,” Malone said, “I believe you. But

--- Page 46 ---
begin at the beginning.”

Jake began at the beginning and told them the
whole story: Nelle’s affair with Paul March and its
unhappy ending, the attempt at blackmail, the dis-
covery of the body and its subsequent disappearance.
He told it glowingly and with feeling, and ended his
narrative by refilling the glasses all around.

“Avery pretty little tale,” Malone said, “and credible,
too. Now let’s all go out and buy a drink somewhere.”

“Damn you, Malone,” Jake said indignantly, “this
IS serious.”

“Murder is always serious,” Malone said, spilling
a little rye on his necktie. “That’s why they execute
people forit. But what do you want me to do about this
one? If it’s your conscience that bothers you, tell it to a
policeman, not to me.” He reached for the bottle. “If this
Paul March was the kind of a dope you just described,
shooting him must have been the best idea someone
ever had. We might even hunt up the guy and buy him
adrink.”

Jake lost his temper, drained his glass, and shouted,
“I’m thinking about Nelle. Nelle, Nelle, Nelle, Nelle,
NELLE.”

“You sound like something by the late Edgar A. Poe,”
Helene observed.

“What about Nelle,” Malone said disgustedly. “The
body’s disappeared and it may never be found.”

“You know that isn’t true,” Jake said. “It’s bound
to turn up sooner or later. You can’t just go out and
lose a corpse.”

“People do,” Malone said philosophically. “But sup-
pose it does turn up? As long as it doesn’t turn up in
that particular apartment, there’s nothing to link Nelle

--- Page 47 ---
Brown with the murder. Even if it is discovered that
the murder occurred when and where it did, between
the two of you, you and Nelle can fix up an alibi for
the whole evening. By your own story, rehearsals
and broadcasts took up most of the evening. Fix up
something for the time between broadcasts, and she’s
completely in the clear.”

Jake considered this a minute. “Where should | say
we were in the time between broadcasts?”

Malone made a suggestion which Jake received with
cold disfavor.

“Well anyway,” Malone said confidently, “if some
miracle should come along, and she were involved, |
could get her out of it. You should let me tell you about
my last case.”

“Another time,” Jake said,, waving him silent. “It
isn’t just a question of keeping her out of the jug. Have
you any vague idea of how moral radio is? Goldman
would cancel her contract in a minute if this thing
broke the wrong way. She’d be all washed up. Radio
goes into the home; you’ve got to keep it clean.” He
poured another drink all around. “I know a guy, good
announcer, got picked up in a raid on some South Side
dive, and he hasn’t been able to get a job since. Nice
fella, too.” He looked sadly into his glass.

“Look here, Jake,” Helene asked, “suppose Nelle
Brown really did shoot this guy.”

“She’d still sound good on the air,” Jake said.

Malone said, “Maybe she did shoot him. She had
plenty of time and opportunity. She must have gone
there right after the broadcast.”

Jake nodded. “I phoned everywhere else. Even
phoned her apartment, but no one answered.”

--- Page 48 ---
The little lawyer mopped his red face. “She’s got
nothing to worry about even if she did the murder.
If the police find the body, there’s nothing to link the
murder up with Nelle Brown. Nobody’s going to run
to the cops with the dope that she used to spend her
spare time with the stiff, months back. If worst came
to the worst, you could keep it out of the papers. What
the hell has she got a press agent for?”

“’You forget the letters,” Jake said.

“Letters? Letters-letters-letters?”

“Hers to Paul March,” Jake said. He added slowly,
“I don’t know who has them. But I’d guess the same
person who murdered March.”

Helene nodded sagely. “That makes sense. Someone
knew he had the letters and murdered him for them.”

“You catch on.”

“You’re both full of hop,” Malone growled. “There
might have been fifty other people who had fifty other
reasons for murdering Paul March, and none of them
anything to do with the letters.”

“If it was one of them,” Jake asked mildly, “where
are the letters now and why are they missing?”

“Nelle did find them on her visit there, and destroyed
them,” the lawyer hazarded.

“Then why lie to me about it?” Jake demanded. “If
she’d found the letters and destroyed them, I’m the
first person she’d tell.”

“Perhaps March had the letters hidden somewhere.”

“We searched the apartment. Both of us. Everything
but taking up the floor.”

“He had them hidden somewhere away from
the apartment, possibly in a safety-deposit
box somewhere.”

--- Page 49 ---
“But if he planned to sell the letters to Nelle, he’d
have them at the apartment,” Jake objected.

Malone groaned. “All right, damn it, | won’t argue
with you. He was murdered for Nelle Brown’s letters.”
He paused for thought. “Someone else wants to black-
mail Nelle and knows the value of those letters. Or
someone who is a pal of Nelle’s knew about the letters
and knew that March was blackmailing her, and killed
him and took the letters. Who would think enough of
Nelle to do that for her?”

“Tootz,” Jake said, “only he never knew anything
about March, and he’s nuts anyway. Baby, but he never
knew anything about March either. Lou Silver the band
leader, Bob Bruce the announcer, Mclvers who handles
her program, Oscar Jepps the producer, Schultz the
engineer, and myself.”

“Did you murder him?” Malone asked.

“l considered it, but | was a little late.”

“Still,” Malone said, “if someone did it to protect
Nelle, she’d get the letters back somehow. They’d be
sent to her. Or she’d hear something.”

“Maybe she has,” Jake said. “I haven’t seen her
since morning.”

“Morning?” Helene said inquiringly.

“I didn’t want her to go home in the state of mind
she was in, so | filled her up with Scotch at Max’s, and
the bellhop and | carried her up by the freight elevator.”

“Two in a day,” Helene commented. “I’d like to get
the bellhop’s opinion of you. What are we going to do,
Malone?”

“There’s two things we can do,” John Joseph Malone
said thoughtfully. “Both are risky. If we do nothing at
all, someone may turn up with the letters and get Nelle

--- Page 50 ---
into a new mess. If we find out who murdered March,
we may involve her anyway. Providing,” he added, “that
we can find out who murdered him. And assuming,” he
finished, “that all this really happened and you weren’t
having delusions.”

“I don’t have delusions,” Jake said indignantly.
“It’s Tootz that has delusions.” There was a long and
meditative silence.

“But look,” Helene said suddenly. “Why shoot a man,
leave the body kicking around for some indeterminate
length of time, and then come back, move the body,
and wash the floor?”

“Maybe the murderer has naturally tidy instincts,”
Malone said.

Helene ignored him. “I’m curious.”

“Find out who killed him,” Jake said. “Maybe you’ll
get a client, Malone.”

The lawyer snorted. “Find who murdered Paul
March. No body. No proof there Has been a murder.
Nobody who even knows there’s been a murder except
you and Nelle Brown.”

“One other,” Jake reminded him. “The murderer.”

“Unless it was you or Nelle,” Malone said. “Find out
where the body went, and why it went there, and who
murdered him and how and why, and what was done
with the letters and how to get them back safely, and
then probably break our necks hushing up all we’ve
dug up. Happy days!” He drank deeply. “We’ll have to
scare the birds out of the bushes and shoot them as
they run.”

“Fly,” Helene corrected him.

After a long look out the window, the little lawyer
said, “Let’s go talk to Nelle Brown. That’s the first move.”

--- Page 51 ---
Helene remembered she had left her carin a Loop
parking lot, they retrieved it and started north. On the
way, Jake told Helene a little about Paul March, while
Malone stared moodily over the lake. Paul March, Jake
said, was a handsome lad and a brilliant one, but an
unquestioned so-and-so. He had had some little suc-
cess in radio, had managed a radio station in lowa,
been an announcer in Cincinnati, become an actor in
Chicago, written thirteen weeks of a serial story, and
finally advertised himself as a producer.

“The funny thing was,” Jake said, “he was good.
That was the hell of it. He used ways of getting jobs
that | wouldn’t mention in front of an innocent guy
like Malone. Nelle was one of them. But he was good.”

“I get an impression the man was attractive,”
Helene murmured.

“He could have charmed Diamond Lil out of a jew-
elry store,” Jake assured her.

Helene sighed. “Too bad somebody shot him.”

“You have me,” he said consolingly. She patted his
cheek and the big car missed a fire hydrant by inches.

“Don’t forget not to be surprised at anything Tootz
might say,” Jake reminded them as Helene parked the
car before a tall, expensive apartment building on the
Drive. “Tootz, otherwise Henry Gibson Gilford.”

“Iremember him,” Helene said. “He had a house in
Maple Park, and stables. Didn’t he lose everything but
his shirt in the market?”

“Everything but his horses,” Jake said. “The shirt
went too, but he still has the horses.”

Helene scowled, puzzled. “I thought the stables
burned, horses and all, just about the time of the crash.”

“Right,” Jake said, “but he still has the horses.” And

--- Page 52 ---
as she stared blankly at him, he grinned. “Be patient,
pet. You’re going to meet Tootz’ horses. You’re going
to meet them any minute now!”

--- Page 53 ---
Chapter 8

THE IMMENSE ROOM, OVERLOOKING THE LAKE, HAD
satiny paneled walls, a massive fireplace, polished and
graceful furniture. At a small table between two long
windows, a couple sat playing chess.

The man was slender, dignified, scholarly. His care-
fully brushed hair and trim mustache were snowy
white, his handsome profile was pale and patrician.
The hand that paused over the chessboard was long
and graceful and pallid. The cut of his dinner coat
was irreproachable.

The girl might have been either his daughter or his
granddaughter. She wore a simple white frock, almost
childlike in its cut and design, with a little string of
coral beads at her throat. Her heavy, dull-gold hair
curled about her shoulders; her cheeks were pink,
dewy, exquisite.

There was nothing in either her appearance or
manner to indicate that she had discovered the mur-
dered body of her ex-lover the night before.

The picture was one that held Jake, Helene, and
Ma-lone at the door for a moment. Helene looked at
the lovely girl, remembered the passionate intensity of
Nelle Brown’s voice over the radio, singing some ballad
of suffering and despair, remembered the stories Jake
had told her of Nelle Brown’s life, and decided that

--- Page 54 ---
either her eyes were lying outrageously or Nelle Brown
was a gigantic hoax.

But at that moment Nelle Brown greeted them in the
voice that no one in the world could have duplicated.
Henry Gibson GifFord rose and welcomed them with
the grace and charm of a visiting ambassador.

It was to be, Jake had reminded Helene and Malone
in the elevator, purely a social call. Bigges, the butler,
broughtin cocktails, and Henry Gibson Gifford led a dis-
cussion of the situation in Europe, on which he spoke
with informed authority. Then he and Helene spoke at
length of the Russian ballet, about which both of them
seemed to know a great deal, while Jake and Nelle
quarreled over a songin the next week’s broadcast, and
Malone stared moodily out the window. Then Henry
Gibson Gifford noticed the little lawyer’s apparent
boredom, and brought the talk around to celebrated
criminal cases of the past decade.

He was, Jake thought, one of the most charming
and well-informed men he had ever known.

It was Helene who remarked that the day had been
almost perfect as far as the weather was involved. Their
host sighed deeply.

“I should have liked to take a walk,” he said sadly,
“but | didn’t think it was safe, even with Nelle.”

Helene looked up inquiringly.

“They’re beginning to close in on me,” Henry Gibson
Gifford informed her confidingly. “My enemies.”

“Oh,” Helene said. It was the best she could think
of at the moment.

“It’s extremely tiresome to be followed all the time,”
he confided, “especially by such very unpleasant-look-
ing men. But they will do it.” He sighed again.

--- Page 55 ---
“But usually you feel perfectly safe when Nelle is
with you,” Jake said.

The man shook his head. “Not today. | have felt a
sense of foreboding all day. Very unpleasant. Perhaps
it will pass. | hope that it will.”

“IP'm sure it will,” Helene said encouragingly. “I feel
the same thing ever so often, and it always passes.”

Nelle looked at her gratefully.

“Do you?” Tootz asked hopefully. “And are you
ever followed?”

“Often,” Helene assured him.

He smiled happily and for a while they talked of
Steinbeck, of the situation in China, and of the trends
of modern drama.

At last she rose and smiled at Henry Gibson (Tootz)
Gifford. “I’'m going for a drive with Jake and Miss Brand
and Mr. Malone,” she announced.

Tootz smiled. “Go ahead.”

She went to get a wrap, and they rose to leave.

“I’m glad you don’t mind my horses,” Tootz said
to Helene.

She was startled for only an instant. “Mind them!
| adore them!”

He was extremely pleased. “l suspect sometimes
Nelle really doesn’t think I ought to have them in here.
But there isn’t any other place for them. And they will
come here, no matter what | try to do about it. This
really isn’t just the place for them. But | don’t mind.”
He paused and said almost defensively, “I like horses.”

“l do too,” Helene said.

“Sometime you must come up and tell me about
your horses,” he said.

“I' will,” she promised.

--- Page 56 ---
For a few moments they discussed Henry Gibson
Gif-ford’s horses in a manner so matter-of-fact that
Jake caught himself looking about the room to see if
they were really there. Then Nelle said good-by to the
white-haired man with such gentleness and affection
that Jake felt his throat growing strangely hard, and
they went into the elevator.

“Well,” Helene almost growled on the way down-
stairs, “why the hell shouldn’t he have horses in his
living room if he wants horses in his living room?”

“How long has he been like this?” Malone asked.

“Ever since the—no, not since the night when the
stables burned. That was part of it. Everything hap-
pened at once. He lost all his dough, and the stable
burned with all his horses in it, and he was sick for
quite a long time, and | sold the Nelle Brown Revue,
and we thought he was well again, and then the horses
started coming up to the living room.”

“He used to have horse races down on the Drive,’
Jake added, “and the gang at the studio used to bet on
them and then call him up to find out who’d won. He
used to get sore as hell about the motor traffic getting
in the way. But after he began to be followed by the
little dark men, he gave that up. Now he just keeps the
horses in his living room. | don’t think they get enough
exercise myself.”

“Tough,” Malone murmured laconically.

“Why?” Nelle asked almost angrily. “He’s happy.
Sure he has a few delusions, but nothing that bothers
him, except that he doesn’t like being followed. He
won’t stir out of the apartment unless I’m with him. But
he’s contented there. He doesn’t even mind being left
alone in the apartment, not at all. | phone him every

--- Page 57 ---
little while when he’s alone, and he parks right by the
phone so he’ll hearitringifl call, and nothing bothers
him. The horses are no trouble. He likes horses.”

“I mean-it’s tough on you,” Malone said.

“Hell’s bells,” she said, “I like horses myself.”

They got into Helene’s long sleek car and began
driving south.

Malone, in the back seat, tossed his hat on the floor,
lit a fat black cigar, and said, “Nelle, just how did TootZ’
delusions begin? | want to know how it all happened.”

She stared at him. “Why?”

“Nothing important. | just, want to know.”

Nelle scowled. “Weil. Well, it was like this. We were
out at the Maple Park place when it happened. Every-
thing. One day we were rich and the next day we didn’t
have anything. Tootz took it all terribly hard and terribly
quietly, if you know what I mean.”

“I do,” Malone said, “and go on.”

“Then the stables burned. They found out what
caused the fire; nobody set it, like the newspapers
hinted. It was awful, Malone. All those horses, trapped
in there. Tootz wanted to go in and Bigges and a fire-
man held him, and finally he realized that he couldn’t
and he just stood there and looked at the stables burn-
ing and it was awful, and then Bigges and | took him in
the house and he acted like he didn’t know what was
going on, and Bigges and | brought him down to the
apartment so he wouldn’t see where the fire had been
or smellit, and we got him here and he sort of fainted.”
She paused and looked at the ceiling.

“Go on,” Malone said sternly, “the rest of it.”

“Well, | called a doctor, and he said it had just all
been too much for Tootz and he needed to be kept

--- Page 58 ---
quiet for a few days, but he was going to be all right.”

“The doctor thought he was going to be all right?”

“Yes. He just needed quiet and some rest. And he left
me a prescription for some sedative, and I ran out to the
drugstore to get it, and | realized | had twenty dollars
in my purse and that was all we had in the world. So
the next morning | called up Mclvers and | said, ‘Do you
think you could still sell my show to Goldman?’ and he
said, ‘He’d buy it in a minute, do you really mean it?’
and | said | did, so he got hold of Goldman and | went
down to the office and signed the contract, and then |
realized I’d need someone to look after things for me
and | remembered Jake used to manage Dick Dayton
so | got hold of him right away.” She paused again.

“Boy!” said Jake admiringly, “that’s breath control!”

Malone said, “Get back to Tootz.”

“Well, the day | signed the contract—" she paused,
took a long breath. “l was so pleased because we were
going to have a lot of money, and | rushed home and
showed Tootz the contract and said, ‘Isn’t it wonderful,
and he was so pleased. And that very night he said
something about ordering oats, and | said, ‘For what?’
and he said, ‘For the horses, these horses, and sort of
waved his hand, and he went on talking and | ran out
in the pantry and said, ‘Oh Bigges, he’s gone crazy,
what shall we do? and Bigges said he’d been afraid
something like that might happen, and ever since then
Tootz has been like that and Bigges has helped me
take care of him.”

“And the men following him?” Malone asked.

“That was later. Quite a lot later. It was one day when
he’d been for a walk and he came back and said two
men had followed him. And we thought it was really

--- Page 59 ---
true, because he seemed so positive, and after all, a
lot of-people had lost money when he failed. So | went
out with him after that but | never saw anybody, and
after awhile I realized there wasn’t anybody. And since
then, he’s refused to go out unless | was with him. But
Malone, he isn’t really crazy.

“I mean, not so he ought to be put somewhere. He’s
happy, and nobody follows him when I’m with him, and
he loves his horses. And except for those two things,
he’s as sane as anybody.”

“Of course heisn’t crazy,” Helene said gently. “He’s
just different.”

“Oh Jake,” Nelle wailed with sudden anguish. “If
Tootz should ever find out anything about this!”

“He won’t,” Jake assured her. “Malone here is going
to fix everything for you.”

“Sure,” Malone said, “no trouble at all. Part of our
regular service.”

“Are you really, Malone?” she asked.

“I’m going to find out who murdered Paul March,
if that’s going to help any,” he told her, “and then I’'m
going to find where your letters are and get them back.
Does that make you feel any better?” He spoke with
serene confidence.

“It helps,” she said. “How are you going to do it?”

“That,” the lawyer said, “is the only part | hadn’t
figured out yet. Where can we get a drink?”

Helene mentioned an address on Oak Street and
said, “Who might have wanted to shoot this guy, Nelle?”

“Anybody who knew him,” Nelle said, promptly
and bitterly.

“Let’s narrow the field,” Malone said. “What do you
know about his private life?”

--- Page 60 ---
“Practically nothing except that | used to be in it.”

The lawyer grunted in disgust.

“You know,” Jake said suddenly, as Helene swerved
the heavy car into Oak Street, “it ought to be possible
to pick up any amount of dope about him at the place
where he lived. Nobody ever had a private life in that
place. It’s like living in a zoo.”

“We could question all the people in the building,”
Helene suggested.

“Thus advertising the fact that we knew there had
been a murder,” Jake said witheringly.

They were silent while Helene performed an almost
incredible feat of parking the car.

“Well,” she said, “why don’t you move in there and
just tactfully ask questions?”

“That’s no go,” Jake said. “Everybody there knows
me. They’d suspect something was up.”

“Well then, damn it,” she said crossly, “I will.”

They stared at her.

“Helene,” John J. Malone said, “you’re colossal.”

“ll move in,” she announced, “and get acquainted
with everybody in the place—if you don’t believe | can
do it, watch me—and I'll dig up secrets in Paul March’s
life he didn’t even know he had.”

“It might work,” Jake said slowly. “Yes, it might work.”

Nelle Brown stared at Helene with wide, puzzled
eyes. “But Miss Brand. You don’t know me from Adam’s
off ox. Why should you go to all this bother for a person
you never saw before?”

Helene looked at her affectionately. “Maybe | like
the way you sing and wouldn’t like to have you off the
air,” she said. “Or you might put down that I liked the
way you kissed Tootz good-by. Anyway, let’s all go in

--- Page 61 ---
and buy a drink.”

--- Page 62 ---
Chapter 9

ABOUT AN HOUR LATER, NELLE PHONED HER
apartment, learned that Henry Gibson Gifford was
tucked in bed and sound asleep for the night.

“Curfew won’t ring for hours yet,” she reported,
coming back to the table. “Let’s think of a place where
it would be more fun to do our drinking.”

Helene thought of half a dozen with no trouble at
all. They moved to one of them.

“Mr. Malone, who shot Paul March?” Nelle asked.

“Can’t you get your mind off that?” Jake groaned,
“And nobody ever calls him Mr. Malone.”

“Could you get your mind off it?” she asked.

“No,” he admitted.

“Tell me how you got to be aradio star,” Helene said
to change the subject.

Jake groaned again. “That line is out of last
night’s show.”

Nelle ignored him. “Well, | was educated in a con-
vent in Quebec, where—”

“Not that one,” Jake objected, “the one where you
were born on an old planetarium in Louisiana.”

“You mean planetation,” Nelle said, pronouncing it
just like that. “The Quebec story’s prettier.”

“The other is more fun.”

“Well,” she began again, “one day when | was singing

--- Page 63 ---
in the choir in Ottumwa, lowa,—’*

“How does it feel to skyrocket to fame?”
Malone interrupted.

“Don’t use that phrase; | don’t like it,” Helene said.
“Before you can skyrocket to fame, someone has to set
a match to your tail.”

For a full five minutes everyone pretended not to
know her.

“If | knew where those letters are, I’d feel a lot hap-
pier,” Nelle said.

Jake sighed. “There she goes again. All right Malone,
where are the letters?”

“For that matter,” Malone said, loosening his collar
and wiping a glistening brow, “where’s the corpse?”

“What good is a murder without a corpse?” Helene
inquired. “How can you habeas a corpus if you can’t
find the damned thing?”

“Your legal terminology is a little confused,” Malone
said severely, “but yourintentions, are doubtless good.”

“She needs a drink to help her think clearly,” Jake
said, and signaled to the waiter.

Malone leaned on the table and stared at Nelle.
“Who knew that March was trying to blackmail you?”

“Nobody but Jake.”

“How did March communicate with you?”

“A note,” she said. “I got it at “rehearsal yesterday
afternoon. It was just a few words on a scrap of paper,
written in soft pencil and stuck in an envelope. A West-
ern Union boy brought it.”

“How much did he ask for?”

“Only five hundred dollars,” Nelle said, “but it was
too damned much.”

“I don’t know,” Jake said. “Knowing your vivid

--- Page 64 ---
imagination, | bet those letters are worth a lot more
than that.”

“What did you do with the note?” Malone asked.

“I stuck it between the pages of my script, then as
soon as | could leave rehearsal | took it to the little
girls’ room, tore it in small pieces, and dropped it down
the John.”

“It didn’t occur to you,” Jake said, “you were
destroying a piece of evidence that could have sent
March to the jug for extortion.”

“I thought | was being wonderfully clever,” she
said sadly.

“I suppose it was in his writing?” Malone asked.

“Oh yes. And anyway, he signed his name to it, in
full. Yours forever, Paul March.”

“Did anybody handle your script except yourself?”

“Not until I'd destroyed the note.”

“Wait a minute,” Jake said foggily. “Nelle. Your
script. Remember? It was lost.”

Her slender eyebrows formed a pair of
qguestion marks.

“Lost,” he repeated. “Just before the broadcasts We
never did find out what happened toit.”

She said very slowly and thoughtfully, “Yes, | remem-
ber. But Jake, that was after I’d torn up Paul March’s
note. | know that.”

Jake said, “Hold up everything for a minute and
lei me think.”

There was an anxious silence. Several minutes and
two drinks later he looked up, his brows knit.

“He’s coming up with something,” Helene
murmured hopefully.

Heignored her. “Nelle, you said the note was written

--- Page 65 ---
in pencil. I’'ve been thinking of the kind of paper those
scripts are printed on. Do you suppose stuff could come
off on them?”

“Out of them maybe,” Nelle said crossly, “but not
off on them.”

“Damnyou, thisis serious. Isn’titjust possible that
if you stuck that note between the pages of the script,
and the note was written in pencil, enough impression
of it came off on the script so that someone holding it
up to a mirror could read it?”

“That’s a little involved,” Malone said reflectively,
“but | see what you mean. A kind of transfer process.”
He paused. “Butif that were true, then anybody might
have known about the blackmail note—anybody who
happened to pick up the script.”

“Which means anybody connected with the
broadcast,” Jake said. “And if that’s why the script dis-
appeared, it’s a cinch nobody stole it just to get Paul
March’s autograph.”

Malone sighed. “Nothing that leads anywhere,” he
said. “If somebody killed March to get those letters
and blackmail you, there’s nothing to do but sit tight
until you hear about it. On the other hand, if somebody
Killed him to get the letters and protect you, you’ll also
be hearing the news soon.”

“Ifit’s the latter, what do | do?”

“Burn up the letters and keep your mouth shut.”

“But,” Nelle said, turning pale. “Suppose | should
be accused of murdering Paul.”

“Don’t worry,” the lawyer said confidently, “I could
get you an acquittal on the first ballot.”

“That’s not what I’'m thinking about,” Nelle said anx-
iously. “It’s Tootz. It would be so awful if he knew about

--- Page 66 ---
this. | don’t care about being arrested, | don’t even
care about the program and my reputation. But Tootz
mustn’t find out about it, ever, ever, ever. Or Baby. It
would be as bad if he found out.”

“Why?” Jake asked. “Why Baby?”

Nelle looked at him crossly. “Can’t you imagine what
Baby might think if he knew I’d had a love affair with
Paul, and then was accused of murdering him? Baby
is a timid guy anyway.”

Jake said, “Hell, I've had enough of this. Let’s go to
the Colony Club.”

The sky was faintly gray when they deposited
Ma-lone at the Loop Hotel where he had lived for fif-
teen years and drove Nelle home. Helene turned north
along the drive. Jake felt his eyelids suddenly growing
un-endurably heavy and closed them for an instant.
When he opened them again, the familiar scenes of
Maple Park were slipping by the car’s windows. He
shook and blinked himself awake.

“The only way to enjoy your driving is to sleep
through it,” he remarked. “But why are we going
out here?”

“I want to change my clothes and pack,” she told
him. “Did you forget I’m moving to Erie Street?”

Jake thought a moment. “Are you sure you want
to do this?”

“You couldn’t stop me.”

It was noon when they walked into the lobby of the
Erie Street building, Helene coolly lovely in a crisp white
suit, its perfect severity hinting that it cost more than
the average man earned in a week.

Molly Coppins, the landlady, an enormous, slightly
faded and very amiable blonde, showing only faint

--- Page 67 ---
signs of a hang-over, was busily sorting papers at the
desk. She was delighted to meet Helene Brand.

“Any friend of Mr. Justus is a friend of mine.”

“She gets lonely,” Jake said. “Don’t let her sit around
and mope.”

“Don’t worry,” Molly Coppins said, beaming. “Jake,
| only have one vacancy that would do for this young
lady. Lovely apartment. It’s lucky | have it, too—the
occupant just moved out yesterday.”

She found an enormous bunch of keys, led them
through the maze of halls and corners, up a flight of
stairs, and down a long corridor. She stopped in front
of a door marked 215.

--- Page 68 ---
Chapter 10

IT’S ONE OF THE NICEST APARTMENTS IN THE
building,” Molly was saying. “Of course, I’ll have the
curtains washed.”

Jake sank down in a worn overstuffed chair and
stared dazedly around him. It was a large, square room,
with two immense windows that opened onto a fire
escape and looked into the back windows of apart-
ments across the alley. There was a slightly battered but
stillhandsome marble fireplace, now stuffed with old
newspapers, a tapestry-covered davenport, a day bed
in one corner, and a spinet desk in the other. Nowhere
was there any sign of the previous occupancy of Paul
March. Not so much as an abandoned magazine.

“Didn’t Paul March live here once?” Jake asked
very casually.

Molly nodded. “Nice young man, too, but a terrible
woman chaser. He left rather suddenly.”

“Oh, did he?” Jake murmured.

“Didn’t even say good-by to me,” the landlady went
on. “He was away all night, night before last, and in
the morning he came and packed a handbag and left
without seeing a soul. Sent me a nice note, though,
with the back rent and an extra five dollars, asking
me to pack his things and send them to him in care of
American Express, Honolulu.”

--- Page 69 ---
“Well well,” Jake said in his most noncommittal voice.

“How do you like it?” Molly asked Helene anxiously.
in a tone that suggested renting this apartment to her
was the one thing that really mattered in the world.

“It’ll do beautifully,” Helene said, “I’m crazy about
it. ’'m moving in right now.”

She and Molly settled formalities of rent and receipt.
Molly promised clean curtains the very next day, so
help her, and left them.

“You don’t have to stay here, you know,” Jake said,
after she had gone.

Helene paid no attention to him. “Jake, Honolulu
is a long way from here.”

“Avery long way,” Jake agreed. “By the time the
American Express Company gets tired of trying to find
Paul March there, and sends all his belongings back,
nobody will give a damn about Paul March any more.”

“Somebody,” she observed thoughtfully, “is being
awfully modest about this murder. Help me unpack.”

They unpacked a collection of clothes that would
have done credit to a Hollywood queen, set a bottle
of rye on the kitchen shelf,” and stowed away the
empty suitcase.

“Tomorrow,” Helene said, looking around the room,
“I buy vases and stuff at the dimestore, and this will
be elegant.”

She vanished into the dressing room, reappeared in
a pair of lounging pajamas the color of the center of a
very pale rose, and opened the bottle of rye.

“I love our little home, dear,” Jake said, settling
down on the davenport. “Where shall we hang up
the goldfish?”

She poured two drinks, set them on a table by the

--- Page 70 ---
davenport, and sat down beside him.

“What a wonderful way that was to stave off any
inquiries about Paul March’s disappearance,” she said.

“Wonderful, and simple. Anyone who wants to know
where Paul March s, if anyone does want to know, will
just be told that he’s gone to Honolulu.”

She sighed. “Jake, where would you hide a corpse,
if you had to hide a corpse?”

“It’s a problem I’ve never been faced with, but I'll
think about it. Helene, why did you run away from me?”

“Because | was in love with you,” she said calmly.
“But if you had to hide a corpse, where would you
hide it?”

“In the Cook County Morgue,” Jake said, “because
that’s the last place anyone would think of looking for
it. Did you really mean that?”

“Of course | mean it. It would be a waste of time
though, I think.”

“What? Loving me?”

“No. Looking in the Cook County Morgue for Paul
March’s corpse.”

“Damn you,” he said, “if you don’t stick to one sub-
ject I'll get another girl. Do you still love me?”

“Of course | do. It must be hidden somewhere. You
can’t just make a body disappear into the air.”

“Listen,” Jake said. “Get the body of Paul March out
of your mind for a few minutes, and me into it. Murders
are happening every day in the year including holidays,
but this may never happen to us again.”

“Jake, let’s get married.”

He dropped the glass of rye he had been holding, it
overturned on the carpet.

“Do you mean that?”

--- Page 71 ---
“Of course | mean it. But if you’re going to go throw-
ing good liquor around that way, I'll change my mind.”

She found a rag in the kitchen, “mopped up the
carpet, and poured Jake another drink. “Keep your
hands off that until you’re sure you won’t drop it.”

“But Helene,” he said stupidly, “we can’t.”

“Unless you have a wife and five children in
Dubuque, we can,” she said firmly. “We can and will.”

“But you’re rich,” he said, still more stupidly.

“Good God,” she said, “does that make me an old
maid for life?”

“It wouldn’t beright.” He couldn’t say it convincingly.

“Jake Justus, are you turning me down?”

“Damn it, Helene, | could never fit into your life.”

“I seem to get along all right in yours,” she said
reflectively. “Jake, are you in love with me?”

He was silent a moment. “Yes, | guess | am. Yes,
that’s it.”

“Well then, if ’'min love with you, and you’re in love
with me, we’ll get married. That’s all there is to it.”

It did seem like a simple and perfectly plausible idea.

“Well,” he said after a while.

“You’re weakening,” she observed. “Jake, when shall
we be married, and where?”

He said very thoughtfully, “We could drive to Crown
Point tonight, if we left now.”

“Wonderful,” she said. “Now you can drink your rye.”

The rye helped a little, but he still felt dazed.

“But Helene,” he said, in a final struggle. “Helene,
your money.”

She sighed. “Well, if you’re going to be fussy, |
can always give it away. | can think of any number of
people who could use it. But it would be more fun to

--- Page 72 ---
keep it. You’d be surprised how much fun we can have
with money.”

“I'have a rough idea,” he said, “but—"

“That’s all it’s good for, to have fun with. You’ve got
to goright on being a press agent because I'll leave you
if you ever give it up. | like your being a press agent. |
meet so many people that way.”

“Well, of course,” he began slowly.

“Oh Jake,” she said suddenly, “don’t make it awful
for me to have money. Like being born with a harelip
orsomething. | can’t helpit. It’s just been a damn nui-
sance all my life, and if it spoils things, | can’t stand it.
Let’s be sensible.”

“All right,” he said, “we’ll be sensible. But I’m
going to tell everybody that ’'m marrying you for your
money. Nobody could ever be able to imagine any
other reason.”

“If we’re going to Crown Point,” she said reflectively,
'd better get dressed, unless you don’t mind my being
married in pink pajamas.”

“It would save time,” he told her, “but it does seem
a bit expedient.”

She looked into his eyes for along moment. “l can’t
believe it. I’'m really here and you’re really here, and
we’ll never be separated again. It’s been so long, Jake.”

“The longest year and a half on record.”

“l ought to have a new dress,” she said after a pause.
“But never mind that. | have you, and one can’t have
everything. After all, Jake, if we’re going to be married
today, you might kiss me—"

He did, and thought what a very long time a year
and a half had been.

“Jake,” she said suddenly, and then, “Jake, how do

“I

--- Page 73 ---
you suppose the body was gotten out of here without—"

Just then there was a thundering knock at
the door. Helene opened the door; it was Molly. “Tele-
phone for Mr. Justus. And Miss Brand, there’s a buzzer
over your door. Three rings means you’re wanted on
the telephone.”

The telephone was on the first floor. Jake raced
down, two steps at a time. It could only be Nelle,
or John Joseph Malone. And either one probably
meant trouble.

It was Nelle. Her voice was tight and frantic.

“Jake, have you had dinner yet?”

“No, but—"

“Jake, I've got to see you. Meet me at Ricardo’s in
half an hour. Bring that blonde with you if you can, she’s
got brains. And Malone, if you can find him.”.

“But Nelle—"

“I've found out who it was,” she said. “The letters.
My letters. | know who has them.”

Before he could answer, she had hung up.

--- Page 74 ---
Chapter 11

NEVER MIND,” HELENE SAID CONSOLINGLY. “WE CAN
get married tomorrow. And it’ll be so nice to find out
who the murderer was.”

She had dressed in something pale and coo] while
he was at the telephone. They picked up Malone at his
hotel, selected a table in a far corner of Ricardo’s, and
waited for Nelle.

“I bet Nelle feels relieved at knowing who it is,” Jake
said, with little conviction.

Malonc looked toward the door. “She doesn’t
look it.”

Nelle was coming toward the table, her face stormy.

“The dirty rat,” she said as she sat down. “The dou-
ble-dirty stinking double-crossing bastard ape. | might
have known it. Nobody else in the world would think
of a lousy trick like that. | always thought he looked
like “a murderer anyway. And if he thinks for one split
second that he can get away with it—"

“Take a drink,” Jake said mildly, “and catch
your breath.”

She took the drink and caught her breath. “I'm
not going to do it, that’s all. I’'m damned and dou-
ble-damned if ’'m going to do it.”

“Menu?” said the gentle Italian waiter apologetically.

“Go to hell,” she said absent-mindedly.

--- Page 75 ---
“You’re double-damned if you’re going to do what?”
Helene asked.

“I might have known all along he’d be the one who
had the letters,” Nelle said.

“All right,” Jake said, “that’s a fine dramatic buildup.
Who?”

She stared at him. “John St. John, of course.”

The waiter took advantage of the momentary silence
to come back with the menu.

“Later,” Jake said, waving him away, “and bring us
a drink.”

“And then,” Nelle added, “to try to tie me up with a
contract like that!”

“Reorganize yourself,” Jake said, “and start
this over.”

“He telephoned and said he had to talk with me and
itwas urgent. Then he came up to the apartment. Tootz
was taking a nap. He said he had the letters.”

“He admitted it!” Jake said. “But good God, that’s
practically an admission of guilt!”

“What of it?” Malone asked. “You’re hardly in a posi-
tionto call a cop.”

“He didn’t say how he got them except that it was
none of my business,” Nelle said. “Then he said he
didn’t want to make any trouble for me. Trouble! The
low-down—"

“You can leave your personal impressions of him
out of this,” Jake said.

She ignored him. “He’s nasty,” she said, “he’s mean.
He gives me the creeps. He’s got a fancy accent, and he
was born in Nebraska. And he’s cold-blooded as a fish.”

“How do you know?” Jake asked interestedly.

“Pure hearsay,” she said indignantly.

--- Page 76 ---
“Well, how was | to tell?” Jake said mildly. “After all,
there was a time when you hadn’t sold the program.”

Helene said hastily, “But how did he know about
the letters and that Paul March was blackmailing you?”

“We’ll get to that later,” Jake said. “Right now, | want
to know what St. John has up his sleeve besides his
handkerchief. Go on, Nelle. What’s the rest of it?”

“A contract like that,” she said indignantly. “It’s a
conspiracy, that’s what itis. And if he thinks he can sell
the show to Givvus—you know, Jake, the soap man—
he’s squirrelly. Givvus and Company!” She produced
a lengthy and impolite sound.

“That’s very effective,” Jake said, “but your nar-
rative is terrible. Try it all over again, possibly from
the beginning.”

She drew a long breath, took a drink, and lit a ciga-
rette. Jake had the impression that she was mentally
counting ten, slowly.

“Start with the contract,” he added.

“It’s a personal-management contract St. John is
having drawn up for me to sign. You know the sort of
thing, Jake. Absolute management of all -work, all my
contracts signed through him, he collects all income
and pays me a weekly salary.”

“Good God,” Jake said.

Nelle said, “That’s what | thought.”

“But then,” Helene said, in a slightly dazed voice, “he
could collect all your dough, and pay you fifty dollars
a week if he wanted to.”

“Hell,” Jake said, “he could pay her ten dollars a
week. Such things have happened before, but usually
because some promising dope signed up with a grafter
before knowing any better.”

--- Page 77 ---
“It’s blackmail,” Nelle said furiously, “that’s what it

“And what’s this about Givvus and Sons?”
Jake asked.

“He’s wanted to sell the show to them for a long
time,” Nelle said. “Givvus is his pet personal account,
and with the show sold the way it is, he—St. John—
doesn’t make any money out of it. If he personally
sells the show to Givvus, he’ll make a hell of a lot
in commissions.”

“Well, as far as that part of it is concerned,” Malone
said, “What the hell do you care?”

“Goldmanis such a swell guy,” she said, “and things
are practically ideal the way they are. He lets us run
the show, and we let him run his candy business, and
there’s never any trouble. With St. John running things
for the Givvuses, we’d all go nuts. And besides,” she
added, “it’s the principle of the thing.”

The waiter appeared with the tray of drinks and
waved the menu at them hopefully.

“Go away,’ Jake said. “Look here, Nelle, he can’tdo
it. Goldman has an option.”

She nodded. “But the option is up tomorrow night
at six. Goldman and Joe Mclvers are such pals that they
aren’t worried about re-signing the contract. Goldman
wanted to do it with a big gesture at the broadcast
next Friday and have his picture taken putting his
pen to the dotted line. St. John knows that, and he
knows that after six o’clock tomorrow night he can
sign with Givvus.”

“Well,” Jake said slowly, “we can get hold of Gold-
man tomorrow and get the option taken up before
expiration, and Givvus can go peddle his soap
somewhere else.”

--- Page 78 ---
“I thought of that,” Nelle told him. “But in the first
place, Goldman is somewhere up on the Brule River
catching fish and Joe is with him, and he isn’t coming
back until day after tomorrow. And in the second place,
the letters.”

“What do you mean?” Malone asked.

“The letters St. John has. I don’t know how he got
them from Paul March, but anyway, he has them and
that’s enough. He said if | tried to communicate with
Goldman or Joe, or didn’t do just as he ordered, he’d
send half the letters to Tootz and the other half to Papa
Goldman himself”

“I can see Papa Goldman,” Jake said, musing. “If he
once had the faintest idea that you’d ever committed
anything worse than dropping a lead nickel in a phone
box. Not a pretty picture. Nelle, St. John seems to have
you very nicely.”

“Give me a little time to think,” Malone said. “What
does he want you to do?”

“He’s planned a secret—very secret—audition for
Givvus tomorrow,” she said. “Givvus is flying from the
East for it. Hardly anybody at the studio knows any-
thing about it and nobody at the agency. Rehearsal at
eleven and the audition in the afternoon.”

“If Givvus is all set to sign the show,” Jake said, “why
the hell does he have to have an audition? Hasn’t he
heard it on the air?”

“He wants to hear it the way it would be presented
for his product, | suppose,” Nelle said. “That’s all | know.
Ask St. John.”

Jake said, “I’'m God damned if I'll ask St. John any-
thing, even the time of day. Malone, what are we going
to do?”

--- Page 79 ---
“I don’t know yet,” Malone said, “unless we could
pin the Paul March murder on St. John in such a way
that Nelle would be protected, and do it between
now and tomorrow night, when the option on your
show expires.”

“Easy,” Jake snorted, “especially as we don’t know
where the body is, and anyway maybe St. John had
nothing to do with it.”

“He must have doneit,” Nelle said, “he’s a murdering
bastard if there ever was one.”

Malone said, “Let me think.”

“Go ahead and think,” Helene said, “We’ll watch.”

The waiter appeared out of nowhere. “Perhaps
now,” he began.

“Look here,” Jake said sternly, “the minute we’re
ready to order, we’ll send you a telegram.”

“You’re breaking his heart,” Helene
said sympathetically.

“Listen,” Nelle said suddenly, “could we bluff him?”

“Possibly,” Jake told her, “but it’s my hunch he’d just
keep on coming back with that menu until we gave in
and ordered.”

Nelle’s retort was brief, appropriate, and
highly colored.

“Couldn’t we tell St. John we’d found Paul’s body,”
she said more calmly, “and that we knew he’d killed
him, and that if he didn’t give back the letters and
forget this audition, we’d tell the police?”

“Wonderful,” Jake said. “Can’t you see how the
police would love it? What murder? Where’s the body?
Who did it? Prove it. Where’s Paul March? Gone to Hono-
lulu along with his luggage. And even if we could prove
there had been a murder, St. John knows that to try

--- Page 80 ---
to prove it would drag the whole story into the open,
letters and all.”

“Well,” she said unhappily, “it was the best | could
think of. How are you doing, Malone?”

“It seems to me,” Malone said, mopping his face,
“the best thing for you to do is play along with him. Go
ahead and put on the audition and somehow delay the
signing of the contract just as long as you can.”

“What good will that do?” she asked.

“If Goldman signs the contract first anyway, St.
John will be up a tree very nicely. With the contract
signed with Goldman, St. John can’tturn up the letters
without destroying a valuable property for his agency,
which would put him in the soup. His one chanceisto
get his contract signed first, just as quick as the Gold-
man option expires.”

“That’s right,” Jake said.

“So,” Malonc went on, “you play along with him
tomorrow, and I’ll fly up to Brule tomorrow and try to
locate Goldman and get his contract signed before St.
John can make his move. Apparently you won’t have
anything to do with the contacting of Goldman, and
St. John’s stunt will just fall through.”

“And the letters?” Nelle said.

“l said, he won’t be able to use them without
destroying a valuable property for his agency. There’s
only one thing he’ll be able to use his letters and his
damned personal-management contract for.” Malone
described it briefly.

“Malone,” Helene said, “you’re superlative.”

He bowed. “All depending,” he said, “on whether |
can find this guy tomorrow. | think | can. Anyway, by
God, I’ll try.”

--- Page 81 ---
“And | hope,” Jake said sternly to Nelle, “this will
be a lesson to you.”

“It has been,” she promised. “I’ll never write another
letter, even to a vox-pop column.. Now where’s that
waiter? I’'m hungry.”

They looked around. The waiter was nowhere to
be seen.

“Probably gone out to dinner,” Helene said.

Malone looked at his watch. “Probably gone home
to bed.”

Nelle looked apologetic. “I hope you didn’t have
anything planned for this evening.”

“Just to get married, that’s all,” Jake said crossly.

Malone laughed politely. “That’s very funny.”

Jake’s fingers tightened around the neck of the
ginger-ale bottle. “I’ve had enough. The next person,
male or female, who say that to me, gets his face
shoved down his neck. And when | say that, I’'m not
being funny!”

--- Page 82 ---
Chapter 12

JAKE BEGAN WHAT HE WAS TO REMEMBER LATER AS
one of the most terrible days of a lifetime by meeting
Nelle and Helene for breakfast at Ricketts. The two
girls were waiting for him when he arrived, exchanging
confidences like lifelong friends.

“Anything happen on Erie Street last night?” he
asked Helene, sliding into his chair.

“Not unless you count Molly waking me at three
this morning to come downstairs and drink beer,” she
reported. Adding, “It was terrible beer, but | met a lot
of interesting people.”

A black-haired waitress came and took their order.

“Eight-thirty is a lousy time for breakfast, if you ask
me,” Nelle grumbled, “audition or no audition.”

“You’re showing up at St. John’s office at ten,” Jake
reminded her. “You’re going to be a nice mild little girl
and keep your temper, too. I’ll meet you there. First,
I’'ve got to deliver a copy of your contract to Malone,
so he can fly up to Brule with it.”

Nelle said, “I hope to heaven he finds those guys.”

“He will,” Jake said confidently. “When Malone starts
out to do something, he does it. St. John will probably
get his contract signed, sealed, and delivered at one
second after six, official Western Union time. But in the
meantime Malone will have the other contract signed

--- Page 83 ---
before six. St. John’s contract won’t be worth the match
to set it afire.” He hoped it was true.

“Isn’t he wonderful!” Nelle said. “If it weren’t for
Tootz, I'd cut you out, Helene, and marry him myself.”

“You couldn’t do it,” Jake said. “It’s bad enough to
be your manager.”

She frowned. “But Jake. Even if St. John doesn’t
get away with selling me to Givvus, suppose he still
makes me sign the personal-management contract?”

“He can’t do it,” Jake said. “He’s got your letters,
sure. He can hold them over you, sure. But he can’tdo
more than bluff. Because he knows that to use them
would ruin you as a radio property, and after all, no
matter who you’re sold to, you’re his agency’s property.
Your show is the backbone of the whole damn radio
department, of which he’s the head. No, he can’t use
those letters and he knows it.” “I hope you’re right.”

“Iknow damned well I’'m right. You go through this
audition today like a good girl and behave yourself.
And then when this is settled, maybe Helene and | can
find time to get married.”

“Maybe,” Helene said gloomily.

“I’ll give you a special wedding present to make
up for all this,” Nelle said. “I don’t know what yet,
but something.”

“How about the Michigan Avenue Bridge?”
Jake suggested.

He managed to keep them from talking about the
audition until breakfast was over. As he called for the
check, Helene lit a cigarette, looked reflectively at the
litter of cigarette stubs, matches, and crumpled cig-
arette packages in the ash tray, and laid her lighted
match in the center of it. A sudden blaze leaped up.

--- Page 84 ---
The black-haired waitress came running.

“Don’t mind her,” Jake said, in a whisper that could
be heard clearly across the street. “She’s a pyroma-
niac. Afirebug. She’s all right every other way, but she’s
a pyromaniac.”

“Yes,” Nelle added in an equally stentorian whisper,
“we have to watch her every minute.”

Helene busied herself with her compact and pre-
tended not to hear.

“Only last month,” Jake finished, “she burned down
the railway station in Oshkosh, and it cost us a fortune
to hush things up.”

As they waited for the change, they could see the
black-haired waitress talking in low tones to the other
waitresses, who stared with scandalized and fascinated
eyes at Helene.

“See,” Jake said, “now you’re famous. That’s what
having a press agent means.”

Helene closed her compact with a snap. “You’re
going to be sorry for this,” she prophesied gloomily.

A few minutes after ten, Jake walked into the ornate
reception room of the agency. Malone was on his way
north with the contract. Helene was to meet him at the
studio later in the morning.

“Is Mr. St. John in?”

The pretty girl at the desk looked up. “Oh Mr. Justus.
Thank God. You’d better go right in.”

Jake went down a long corridor, stopped before
a desk where a blonde secretary busied herself with
pages of reports.

“ ‘Morning, dear. How does your boss feel
this morning?”

--- Page 85 ---
The blonde girl looked up grimly. “He was peevish
when he camein. It’s his bunions again. They’re always
worse on hot days like this. | tell him it’s the shoes he
wears, but he can’t seem to find any that help, poor
man. And then Miss Brown came in. She doesn’t seem
to feel so good either. You’d better goonin.”

Through the glass door he could hear Nelle’s voice
raised to shrieking pitch.

“No,” he said, shaking his head, “no, she doesn’t
seem to feel so good.”

He opened the glass door just in time to have a
script, thrown from across the room, catch him full in
the face. . “Pick that up, Nelle,” St. John said coldly.

Jake closed the door. “Is everybody happy?”

“Jake, tell him to go to hell.”

“Go to hell,” Jake said agreeably, reaching for
his cigarettes.

“lI asked you to pick up the script, Nelle,” St.
John said.

Take started to reach for the script, but Nelle was
ahead of him. She picked it up, tore it very slowly and
deliberately into shreds, dropped the shreds on the
floor, and ground them under her slender heels. Then
without a word she stalked out, slamming the door
with a bang that set all the windows rattling.

“Nelle don’t like the script, eh?” Jake said, lighting
a cigarette.

“That’s my impression,” St. John said crisply. He
scowled. “She ought to be made to come back and
close that door properly.” Jake wondered if St. John
had ever taught school.

“It’s none of my business,” Jake said easily. “Fight
the script out between you. But if you want to get a

--- Page 86 ---
good job from her this afternoon, go a little easy. Nelle
has to be pampered a little.”

“She’s had too much pampering,” St. John said nas-
tily. “That’s the whole trouble with her.”

Jake sat down on a corner of the big desk, swung
one long leg back and forth, and said very casually,
“It’s still none of my business, but why don’t you leave
Nelle’s show with Goldman, who won’t buy anything
else, sell some other show to Givvus, and have two big
shows on the airinstead of one.”

“Givvus also won’t buy anything else,” the agency
man said.

Jake looked very intently at his left shoe. “In that
case, why go to all the bother of holding an audition
for him?”

“Purely a formality,”St. John said.

Jake nodded. “Well, I said it was none of my busi-
ness.Ajobis ajob to me. Let me know what you want
Nelle to do, and I'll see that she does it.” He looked up
at the pale, narrow face across the desk and thought
what fun it would be to muss it up.

“l appreciate you co-operation,” St. John said. “Let’s
go on to the studio. | trust Nelle will be there when
we arrive.”

“She will be,” Jake said, hoping it was the truth.

St. John called the blonde secretary, gave orders
regarding a dozen or more small details of the day’s
activities, reached for his shoes under the desk, and
put them on with a wince. For the barest moment Jake
saw him as a tired, exasperated man whose feet hurt.

They rode to the studio in silence.

Nelle was there, so was Helene. St. John looked at
the latter disapprovingly.

--- Page 87 ---
“This is supposed to be a secret audition.”

“Miss Brand is my confidential secretary,” Jake told
him. He went on into the control room. Schultz was
there, gloomily gnawing an apple.

“What’s this secret audition about?”

“Don’t ask me,” Jake said. “Agency doing.”

Schultz grunted.

Oscar Jepp’s enormous bulk suddenly darkened the
room. “Who the hell wrote this script?”

“Don’t ask me,” Jake said easily. “Maybe St. John
wrote it himself.”

Oscar snorted. “l don’t think anybody wrote it. |
think it was found floating up the Chicago Riverin a
beer bottle.”

He rounded up his cast and went into the studio.
Helene came into the control room and sat down by
Jake’s side. Rehearsal got under way.

It was worse than any rehearsal Jake could remem-
ber, and that, he reflected, was saying a great deal.
There was no single line of the script that met Oscar
Jepps’s approval. Lou Silver had had to break a date
with a new girl friend to attend the audition, and he
hated everybody. There was an obbligato passage in
Nelle’s first song which she foozled on every attempt.
The sound-effect man’s wife was in the process of
having a baby, and whenever a sound cue appeared
in the script, it developed that the prospective father
had gone to phone the hospital. Bob Bruce had a bad
hang-over.

During the first half-hour, Nelle burstinto tears and
walked out of the studio. Through the loud-speaker,
Jake could hear Oscar saying anxiously, “Don’t worry,
she’ll sing it all right when the times comes.”

--- Page 88 ---
During the second half-hour, Bob Bruce went
through a brief period of being unable to pronounce
“broadcasting” any other way than “croadbasting,”
and demoralized the entire cast.

After a horrible hour, a timing rehearsal was called,
and it was found that the show ran six and three-quar-
ter minutes overtime.

St. John and Oscar retired for a profane and vitu-
perative session of shortening the script, and Jake sent
downstairs for coffee and sandwiches for the cast. He
looked for Nelle, found her distractedly pacing the hall.
Helene slipped an arm around the singer’s shoulders.

“I suppose I'll live through this,” Nelle said unhappily.

They strolled into the reception room. Someone
had left an early American lying on one of the chairs.
Jake picked it up, glanced at it.

Two Hurt in Plane Crash

“Oh God,” Jake said. “It couldn’t be!”

Chicago Lawyer Slightly Hurt In Crash Near Madison

John J. Malone, prominent Chicago attorney, was
cut and bruised in the crash of a private plane near
Madison, Wisconsin, early today. The pilot is reported
in a serious condition. The accident occurred when....

--- Page 89 ---
Chapter 13

PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER,” JAKE SAID. “HE STILL MAY
be able to make it.” He hoped his voice carried the
conviction that he didn’t feel.

“But if he doesn’t,” Nelle said desperately, “if he
doesn’t—" She paused, frowned. “I could do this. |
could do such a lousy job of the audition that Givvus
wouldn’t buy the show for marbles.”

“You could,” Jake said, “but it probably wouldn’t
do any good.”

“Givvus might insist on another audition, which
would mean we had a little more time.”

“I doubt it like hell,” Jake said. “He’s heard you on
the air. St. John said the audition was a mere formality.
And anyway, baby, | don’t think you could do it. | hate
like the devil to compliment you, but | don’t think you
could do that bad a show.”

She smiled at him wanly.

“Don’t worry,” Helene said vaguely and helpfully.

Oscar appeared in the reception room, his round
moonface shining with sweat. “Scripts ready.” He wiped
his brow. “This is awful.”

“At least there haven’t been any fights in rehearsal,”
Jake said consolingly.

Oscar nodded. “That’s what worries me. They aren’t
really putting their hearts into it.”

--- Page 90 ---
Jake started to follow him to the studio. A page boy
touched his arm.

“A lady to see you, Mr. Justus.”

Essie St. John was waiting by the elevator, her
homely face pale with anxiety.

“Jake, where can we talk? | mustn’t be seen here.”

He opened a door leading out of the reception room,
led her into the seclusion of the stairway.

“Jake, | had to warn you.”

“Of what?” Jake said stupidly.

“I don’t know what. That’s the trouble. You must
think I’m nuts. But John’s up to something. | can
tell. That nasty, pleased way he acts when he’s up
to something.”

Jake nodded. “It’s all right, Essie. | know all about
it. He is up to something, but heisn’t going to get away
with it.”

Her cape slipped aside and as she moved to
retrieve it, Jake caught the outline of an ugly bruise
on her shoulder.

“Essie, why don’t you leave him?” ‘l would if | could,”
she said dully. “Jake, he’s told me again and again that
if 1 do, he’ll divorce me, and bring all sorts of horrible
things outin court. He can do it, too.” She patted aim-
lessly at her hair. “l couldn’t help going out and having
a little fun once in awhile. You don’t blame me; do you?
But he knows all about it, and | don’t dare leave him.”

Jake patted her arm a little awkwardly.

“Someday I'll decide to shoot him,” she said in a
tired voice.

“Pll buy you the gun,” Jake promised.

She smiled weakly. “I’'ve got to know how things
turn out today. But | don’t dare let him know I’m here.”

--- Page 91 ---
“Wait in the little girls’ room,” Jake said. “I’ll send
Nelle in to tell you about it, when it’s all over.”

He gave her elbow a reassuring squeeze and walked
back to the control room.

Rehearsal dragged on dispiritedly. Oscar Jepps went
through all his tricks: was by turns insulting, cajoling,
enraged, unhappy. None of them did any good. It was
midafternoon when he looked up at the clock and
announced, “Dress rehearsal.”

Dress rehearsal was not quite so bad as Jake
had expected, though Nelle went to pieces on the
obbligato passage.

In the interval that followed, St. John slipped away
to usher Mr. Givvus into the sanctity of a client’s room
down the hall, where he would listen to the audition
in peace, privacy, and a restful atmosphere. The sound
man went to phone the hospital. Schultz went out to
buy a chocolate bar. Lou Silver went to make a date
with the studio hostess. Bob Bruce went to put cold
water on his forehead. Nelle came into the control
room, sat down at the black-and-chromium desk, and
laid her head on her arms.

“Jake, I'll have to do a deliberately bad job. It’s the
only way.”

He laid a hand on her shoulder.

“And it kills me to do it, Jake. You’d understand why.
But the rest of the gang wouldn’t. Oscar and Lou and
Bob, and even Schultz. They’d always remember I’d
done a lousy job of an audition.”

“Maybe they’d understand too,” he said.

“Well damn it,” she said, “I’d always remember it.
Even with things as they are. I’'ve never done a show
badly in my life.”

--- Page 92 ---
“That’s just pride,” he told her.

“All right, damn it, it’s just pride.”

She rose wearily and paced the little control room
while Oscar shooed the musicians and audition cast
into the studio, located Schultz and the sound man,
and began explaining a last-minute change in the script
to Bob Bruce, who didn’t look as though he understood
it. Schultz put a bag of almonds on the desk and sat
down by the control board. Finally St. John arrived,
limping ever so slightly.

“Why aren’t you with your client?” Nelle asked irri-
tably, picking up her script.

“He wants to listen to this alone,” St. John said,
“and besides, | don’t entirely trust you. | want to be
here where | can keep an eye on you.” He looked at
her coldly. “Too bad you haven’t a trained voice. You
might be able to come within a few feet of hitting
that obbligato.”

Nelle started to speak, closed her mouth grimly,
reached up with a sudden motion, grabbed St. John’s
long thin nose between her fingers, and pulled it until
he forgot his dignity and yelped. Then she walked stiffly
into the studio.

It was, Jake thought, the only happy moment of
the day.

St. John retired to a chairin the corner. No one dared
look at him.

“All set,” Schultz called into the communicating
microphone. He look at his signals and saw that the
client’s room was ready.

They were not all set. The sound man was
missing again.

Someone located him. Oscar looked over the studio

--- Page 93 ---
and saw that everyone was present. “Everybody
ready?” he called.

“No,” Lou Silver said.

The tuba player had the hiccups.

At last Schultz gave the signal, Bob Bruce gave
another signal, there was a long sweeping chord on
the harp, and Nelle’s voice came floating into the
control room.

Exactly three minutes later, Schultz jumped, gave
another signal that silenced everyone in the studio,
and grabbed the communicating microphone.

“Start over. | forgot to pipe you into the cli-
ent’s room.”

Oscar’s groan came through the loud-speaker like
a blast from a river boat. St. John said crossly, “Why
don’t you know your business, Schultz?’”

Schultz jumped up. “All right, damn you, you can get
another operator.” He started for the door.

Jake grabbed his arm. “Sit down, Schultz. For the
love of God, let’s get this over with.”

Schultz hesitated, grumbled, sat down, made
motions with plugs and switches. The signals were
made again. The long sweep of the harp strings
was repeated. Once more Nelle’s voice filled the
control room.

The audition was finally under way.

Jake thought he had never seen Nelle quite so pale.
And no wonder. A lovely spot to be in, he reflected,
simply lovely. With the fierce pride of the artist, to do
a deliberately bad job would be a thing she’d remem-
ber forever. To do a good job would be to cut her
own throat.

He listened anxiously till she approached the

--- Page 94 ---
obbligato passage in her first song. She came to it,
her voice picked it up and carried the notes superbly,
perfectly, triumphantly. That was the moment when
the rest of the cast caught her spirit, and the show
began to move.

As the last notes of the closing theme died away,
Jake decided that the audition had been as close to
perfect as any show Nelle had ever done.

Malone had certainly better find Goldman now!

He walked into the studio, Helene at his side, and
saw that Nelle knew how good a job she had done.
She was very white, and her eyes were tired. He took
her arm firmly.

“Jake—"

“Yes, | know. Nelle, we’ve got to stall somehow.
Helene, you go phone Nelle’s apartment, tell the
butler to phone here in about ten minutes with the
news that Tootz has had a stroke. We’ll have to rush
Nelle to his bedside.”

“But at six o’clock,” Nelle began, “at six o’clock,
when the option expires—”

“At six o’clock, you’ll be shut in a room with Tootz,
and a white-clad nurse and a bearded doctor are
going to tell St. John that no one can go in under
any circumstances.”

“Jake, | love you,” Helene said.

They walked out of the studio together. St. John met
them at the door, his pale face smiling.

“I knew your good judgment would assert itself,
Nelle. Now come along and talk things over with Givvus.
You too, Justus.”

“Sure,” Jake said lightly, “why not?”

He told Helene to wait for them in the reception

--- Page 95 ---
room, squeezed Nelle’s hand reassuringly, and followed
St. John down the hall.

The agency man paused at the door to the client’s
room. “No funny business, now.”

“Don’t worry,” Nelle said wearily. “I know when
I’m licked.”

They opened the door and stepped inside. Mr.
Givvus sat, his back to them, before the loud-speaker.
He did not rise, nor even stir, when they camein.

“Mr. Givvus,” St. John began.

Still the man did not move.

Jake walked over to him. Mr. Givvus was slumped a
little in his chair. Just behind his right ear was a small,
very neat bullethole.

The audition had been wasted on the late Mr. Givvus.

--- Page 96 ---
Chapter 14

WITH A QUICK, INSTINCTIVE MOTION, JAKE KICKED THE
door shut, and laid one hand over Nelle’s mouth before
she could scream.

“But he’s dead!” St. John said in a curiously
flat voice.

“That’s not original,” Jake said grimly, “but God
knows it’s true.” He took his hand away from Nelle’s
mouth and pushed her into a chair.

“But,” St. John said, “he was alive when | left him
here before the audition.”

Jake nodded. “Obviously. Unless you shot
him yourself.”

St. John looked at him wildly. “Why would | shoot
him? He was my client! | was auditioning for him.”

“Idon’t know,” Jake said. Suddenly he looked at the
loud-speaker. “St. John, was the loud-speaker turned
on when you left him?”

“No. | showed him how to turn it on, and told him
when we’d be ready to go ahead.”

“Well, it’s turned off now. So either whoever shot
him turned it off—heaven knows why—or else it was
never turned on, which seems more likely to me. And in
that case, the murder took place before the audition.”

“You mean,” Nelle said, and stopped. “You mean we
went through all that awful rehearsal and everything,

--- Page 97 ---
and the audition, and then nobody even heard it? You
mean the loud-speaker was turned on and the audition
came in here, and he was dead all the time?”

“I do,” Jake said, “and shut up.” He paused
for thought.

“If he was shot before the audition, that means prac-
tically anybody might have done it. We were all milling
around before the audition.” He looked Closely at Nelle.
There was no sign of emotion on her white face.

“But who would?” St. John demanded. “No one here
even knew him.”

“It was a mistake,” Nelle said. “It must have been
a mistake.”

“Why?” Jake asked.

“Or whoever shot him isn’t in the radio business,”
she said.

“Nelle, what are you talking about?”

“Jake, no one in radio would shoot a prospec-
tive sponsor. He must have been mistaken for
someone else.”

Jake looked closely at the late Mr. Givvus. He had
been a small, spare man, with thinning gray hair, and
tight, ungenerous lips.

“Look here,” Jake said, “we can’t stand around here
wondering who shot him. We’ve got to do something.”

“Do what?” St. John said in a dazed voice.

“We’ve got to get him out of here. Think of the hell
that would pop if he were found here in the client’s
room. Everything connected with this unholy mess
would come out, including your own shady partin it, St.
John. Radio couldn’t stand the scandal, neither could
you, and especially, neither could Nelle.” He was think-
ing fast. If Nelle had shot him—and who else would

--- Page 98 ---
have wanted to—the body had to be gotten away as
quickly as possible.

“But what can we do?” Nelle demanded wildly. -..
“Thank God there’s no blood on the chair to clean up.
He didn’t bleed much and it’s all on his coat. St. John,
you’re in this party whether you like it or not. Get”—he
thought for a moment—"get Schultz, Oscar, and Miss
Brand. Bring them here. Make it quick, and keep your
mouth shut.”

“What do you intend to do?” St. John asked, his
hand on the door.

Jake said grimly, “I’m going to take Mr. Givvus for
aride.”

As the door swung shut, he turned to Nelle.

“Well, you don’t need to worry about whether
Malone gets to Brule or not.”

“Oh Jake,” Nelle said, “the poor little guy. Who
shot him?”

“I don’t know,” Jake said. “If you didn’t, maybe it
was the same guy who shot Paul March, and maybe
not. Or maybe Essie shot him thinking he was St. John.”

St. John returned. Schultz, Oscar, and Helene were
with him. He had explained the situation on the way.

Jake locked the door. “St. John, how many people
knew about this audition?”

“Outside of ourselves and the cast—the head of the
sales department here. No one else.”

“Good. Somehow, we’ve got to get this guy out
of here.”

Schultz cleared his throat. “It can be done. There’s
a back elevator.”

“How about the elevator operator?”

“Leave him to me,” Schultz said.

--- Page 99 ---
“St. John, how did Givyus get here? Car, taxi, what?”

“He told me he walked over from his hotel.”

“That helps. You run along and start spreading the
information that your client didn’t show up for the
audition. I'll meet you here later in the reception room.
Helene, get your car around to the rear entrance near
the back elevator—Schultz will tell you just where. And
Nelle, you and Oscar get out in the reception room
and start the biggest, noisiest row you can manage.
You ought to be able to draw a good crowd. The rest,
Schultz, is up to you.”

They left to carry out instructions. A few minutes
later Schultz returned, carrying one of the smocks
worn by the studio musicians and a bottle of whisky.
He poured some of the whisky on the smock, put the
smock on Mr. Givvus, pulled a beret over his head so
that it concealed the bullethole. Mr. Givvus’ straw hat
bothered him a moment; finally, he stuck it on his
own head.

He peered into the corridor. From the reception
room they could hear Nelle and Oscar Jepps calling
each other names in stentorian tones.

“No one around. Let’s go.”

They held the dead man upright by draping his arms
over their shoulders, and carried him to the waiting
freight elevator. The operator sniffed the whisky-laden
air disapprovingly.

“Someday one of these horn-tooters is going to
get the ax for showing up corned,” he observed. “You
should of took his smock off, Schultz.”

“No time,” Schultz said. “Hadda get him out of there
before somebody seen him. I’'ll take the smock off down
in the car.”

--- Page 100 ---
The operator grinned. “That sound man, Krause, is
going nuts,” he said.

“It’s his first baby,” Schultz said.

“That ain’t it,” the elevator man said, “some ape
stole his revolver-shot sound effect out of the studio.
It’s his own invention and he’s fit to be tied. He wants
to call the police.”

“Why the hell would anybody steal a sound effect?”
Jake asked.

The elevator man shook his head. “Search me. Prob-
ably a gag. Last stop, all out.”

They dragged Mr. Givvus to the alley entrance where
Helene was waiting with the car. There Schultz took
off the smock and beret, and put Mr. Givvus’ straw hat
over the bullethole. They sat him up in the back seat,
propped up with cushions.

“Good luck,” Schultz said, and waved at them.

“Where to?” Helene asked, driving down the alley.

Jake didn’t answer.

“Well,” she said after a few blocks, “only last night
| asked you where you’d hide a corpse if you had to
hide a corpse.”

“Shut up,” Jake said, “I’'m trying to think.” : “And you
said you’d never been faced with that problem, and
you’d think about it. Well, I hope you’ve been thinking.”

“Drive toward Lincoln Park,” Jake said.

The sun had set, and twilight was slowly settling
over the city. As they reached the park, the light was
shadowy, dim, almost hazy. Jake directed her to a lit-
tle-frequented drive, and finally told her to stop near
a clump of bushes.

There was a park bench on the other side of the
bushes, facing the lake. Jake looked around, made

--- Page 101 ---
certain that no one was in sight, carried the late Mr.
Givvus to the park bench, and sat him upright. As a
parting touch, he found a folded newspaper in the
car, and spread it in the late Mr. Givvus’ lap. Then he
climbed back in the car.

“Drive on,” he said. “You see, when you have a
corpse to dispose of, you simply—"

“This time you shut up. Where t0?”

“Back to the studio,” he told her. “I’m going to try
to bluff those letters out of St. John.”

The reception room was quiet, nearly empty when
they arrived. A page boy sat at the desk, absorbed in a
copy of Amazing Stories. Nelle and John St. John were
sitting on one of the davenports in stony silence, as far
apart as possible.

Jake smiled at them pleasantly. “Don’t ask me,” he
said amiably. “You’ll read all about it in the newspa-
pers. Now St. John, let’s have the letters that belong
to Nelle.”

“I think I’ll keep them,” St. John said coldly.

Jake had expected that. “You wouldn’t like to have
me tell the police about your client being shot when
and where he was, and about your being the last
person to see him alive, would you?”

St. John’s lips curved in an unpleasant smile. “And
you wouldn’t like to have me tell the police how you
disposed of the body, would you? | believe it’s a crimi-
nal offense. And if you did go to the police, | would have
to turn the letters over to them as part of the evidence,
and of course the newspapers—” He let it go at that.

“Well,” Jake said after a pause, “l thought there was
no harmin trying.”

St. John said, “In view of what has happened, Miss

--- Page 102 ---
Brown’s contract will probably be re-signed with Gold-
man as expected, so she has nothing to worry about.
The letters are in a good, safe place. | think I’ll keep
them, justin case.”

“A general agreement of silence seems to be the
most sensible idea,” Jake said.

St. John nodded.

“Just the same,” Nelle said, crossly, “you might tell
us how you got the letters in the first place.”

“I got them from Paul March,” St. John said.

“Obviously,” Jake said, nastily. “What we’d like to
know is what you did with his body.”

“Body?” St. John repeated blankly. Then he gave a
polite little laugh. “Oh yes. That’s very funny.”

Jake made one sudden and cataclysmic motion. A
loud sound shattered the pleasant twilight quietude
of the reception room.

“Oh boy!” said Nelle Brown exultantly. “Oh boy!
Right on the button!”

--- Page 103 ---
Chapter 15

A PAGE BOY CAME RUNNING AND HELPED ST. JOHN TO
his feet.

“I'm sorry,” Jake said. “lIt was one of those
irresistible impulses.”

“That’s all right, Mr. Justus,” said the page boy
soothingly. “Those things will happen now and then.”

John St. John glared at them over a handkerchief.

“IPm not going to forget this, Jake Justus!”

“Not for a while, you’re not,” Jake agreed happily,
looking at the reddening handkerchief, and the damage
done on St. John’s slender and aristocratic nose.

“I always say,” Helene observed, watching St.
John’s stiff back disappear through the door, “there’s
nothing like a good old-fashioned brawl to clear
the atmosphere.”

Jake flicked imaginary soil from his hands. “Now
that’s over, we’ll have dinner.”

“How can you!” Nelle said weakly. “How can you
eat or talk or do anything normal, after—after a day
like this!”

“We men ofiron,” Jake said in his best lecture-plat-
form voice, “become accustomed to the trivial frictions
of life.”

Even this didn’t get so much as a snort out of Nelle
and Helene.

--- Page 104 ---
They had dinner, doing their best to keep up a con-
versation. It was not wholly successful.

“lwonder if they’ve found him yet,” Helene said over
the coffee.

“Found who?”

“The—I mean, Mr. Givvus.”

Nelle shuddered. “It was awful. | mean, walking in
there and finding somebody murdered.”

“You ought to be getting used to it,” Jake said. “This
is the second time it’s happened.”

“Jake!”

“We’ll take her home,” Helene said, “my home, |
mean. Then she can feel as bad as she wants to.”

Jake paid the check and they walked out to the car.

“We’ll take her home,” Jake said, “but there’s no
sense to her feeling bad. Naturally murder is bound
to be a little upsetting, but you can get used to any-
thing. And these murders all seem to be doing Nelle
a lot of good.”

They stopped at the drugstore to replenish the
liguor supply, then drove to the Erie Street building.

Halfway up the stairs, Nelle stopped. “Jake. Not
that apartment.”

“Yes,” Jake said, taking her arm. “That apartment.
And quit shivering. It doesn’t look anything the same.”

Helene stopped suddenly. “Oh Lord. | forgot.”

“What did you forget?” Jake asked. “I’'ve got the .
bottle.”

“I forgot that—I mean, | forgot it was the same
apartment that—"

“Shut up,” Jake said, “both of you.”

“Oh Jake,” Helene said, “can’t you sympathize
with her?”

--- Page 105 ---
“I can,” Jake said, “but I’m damned if | think it would
be good for her. Go on, open the door.” He slipped an
arm around Nelle’s waist as they walked into the room.

She looked around a little timorously. “It doesn’t
look the same. Everything’s gone. Everything of his, |
mean.” She began to cry.

Jake steered her to the davenport, sat down beside
her, and pulled her head down on his shoulder. “Go
ahead. Cry all you want. You might as well get it
over with.”

“I just thought,” she sobbed, “about all the times |
used to come here and how everything looked then,
and then |l didn’t come here any more but | knew every-
thing was just the same, and he was here, and now
he’s dead, and everything of his is gone, and it’s all
so different.”

“Sure,” Jake said, patting her. “Go ahead and cry.”

“It was just as if | didn’t really know what had
happened, because so many other things kept on hap-
pening, but walking in here like this made me realize
everything all of a sudden, Jake, and it’s awful.”

“A lot of things are awful,” Jake said, “but you get
used to them.”

“I won’t ever get used to this, Jake. I’ll just keep
thinking about walking in here and finding him dead,
even when I’'m an old woman and all my teeth fall out
and nobody likes me any more, and I’ll never forget
any of it, Jake, and I'll never be happy again as long
as | live, never, never, never.”

“Cheer up,” Jake said, “you haven’t got hay fever.”

She stopped crying and looked at him. “What about
hay fever?”

“I mean,” Jake said, “think how terrible it would

--- Page 106 ---
be if all this happened to you, and you had all these
troubles, and then on top of everything else, you had
hay fever. That would really be awful.”

She was silent for a minute, finally managed a smile.

“Maybe | ought to have a drink.”

“Maybe you ought to wash your face first,” Jake said.

She thought about it. “I guess | will.”

Jake strolled out to the kitchen where Helene was
busy with glasses and the bottle of rye. “I’'m glad
that’s over.

“Idon’t know but what I do approve your variety of
sympathy after all,” Helehe observed. “Maybe it was a
good idea to bring her here. She’s going to feel a lot
better from now on.” She carried glasses and the bottle
into the living room, poured drinks arid set them on
the table, and sat down on the floor.

Nelle returned, her face duly washed.

“Well,” Jake said, putting a glass in Nelle’s hand,
“now perhaps we can try to dope this thing out.”

“Jake,” Nelle asked, “who shot Mr. Givvus?”

“Did you?” he asked, very calmly and quietly.

She stared at him. “Jake, you really think that | did?”

He avoided her eyes. “Well after all—you were there.
You had the best reason for it; as far as | know.”

“Jake, don’t be a fool,” Helene said furiously. “You
know she didn’t shoot him.”

He sighed. “l don’t know anything. She might have,
and could have. That’s why | was so ding-danged anx-
ious to get the body away from there.”

“But | didn’t, Jake,” Nelle said, desperation in
her voice.

“All right, we’ll go on the assumption that you didn’t,
and God help you if you’re lying about it. If you didn’t

--- Page 107 ---
—who would want to shoot Mr. Givvus?”

“A question,” Helene said. “Who at the audition
would know him well enough to want to shoot him?”

“As far as | know,” Jake said thoughtfully, “the only
person there who knew him was St. John. How about
it, Nelle?”

“You’re probably right. | met him once, months ago.
He’s from Philadelphia. | don’t imagine one solitary
soul at the broadcasting studio knew him, except per-
haps for a casual introduction. What’s more, it being a
secret audition, nobody outside the cast and ourselves
knew he was there—and I’m sure nobody in the cast
knew him.”

Jake sighed. “That leaves us you and St. John,” he
said. “And God knows, St. John wouldn’t have,shot
him. Not after arranging a secret audition of a show
to sell him and going through all a secret audition
means—and on a day when his bunions hurt, too. No,
even if St. John had wanted to shoot him, he’d have
let him hear the audition first.”

“And that leaves me,” Nelle said slowly. “But Jake,
| didn’t.”

“All right,” Jake said, “let it ‘go at that. There’s one
very pertinent fact that you yourself innocently pointed
out when we found the body. Remember? You said—
‘But nobody would shoot a prospective sponsor. He
must have been mistaken for someone else.” “

“He was sitting with his back to the door,” Nelle
said slowly, “with just the back of his head showing.
And the lights weren’t any too bright in the client’s
room. They’re kept dim on purpose, so that prospective
sponsors won’t start reading timetables when they’re
supposed to be listening to auditions. But who could

--- Page 108 ---
he have been mistaken for?”

“Who else would be in the client’s room during
the audition?”

“Nobody but St. John.” She paused, and stared at
him. “But Jake, that means somebody wants to murder
St. John. And we’ve been thinking all along that St.
John was the man who shot Paul March!”

“Maybe he did,” Jake said. “That doesn’t mean
he’s the only potential murderer in town. This after-
noon’s mistake, assuming that it was a mistake and
the shot was meant for St. John, may be an entirely
different affair.”

“Who would have wanted to murder St. John?”
Helene asked.

“Anyone who knew him,” Nelle said promptly
and nastily.

“That’s what you said about Paul March. Not much
help,” Jake said. He sighed. “The client’s room is down
the “hall from the studio and away from the reception
room. Which means that before the audition, anybody
connected with the show might have gone in and shot
him. Or anybody else might have, during the audition,
including Essie St. John, who was around waiting for
news about the audition. | hope she isn’t waiting
there yet.”

Nelle said, “Do you think she shot Mr. Givvus, think-
ing he was St. John?”

“If she did,” Jake said, “I think she’s entitled to
another try.” He thought a minute. “It’s funny nobody
heard the shot. It’s funny nobody heard the shot when
Paul March was killed. Maybe someone is using a gun
with a silencer. But that would indicate the same
person was responsible, and there isn’t any connection

--- Page 109 ---
between the two murders except Nelle.”

“Jake,” she said earnestly, “Jake, | didn’t.”

“You’ve said that before top,” he told her.

The sudden sound of the buzzer over the door made
them all jump. Jake went to the door, found the call
was for him, and went down to the telephone, noticing
on the way that another noisy party was getting a good
startinthe room next door. Almost as noisy as the last
one had been.

The call was from Malone, still in Madison.

“Never mind,” Jake told him, “everything’s fixed. |
can’t explain it over the phone, but you don’t need to
find Goldman now. And for the love of Pete, get back
here as quick as you can. We need you!”

“For what?”

“To be best man at a wedding,” Jake said, and
hung up.

He started up the stairs, wondering how long it
would take to drive to Crown Point in the morning. As
he reached the top a sudden, loud noise came through
the closed door of apartment 215.

The door of the room housing the noisy party burst
open and the hall was full” of people.” A disheveled
brunette caught at Jake’s arm.

“That noise! What was it! Where did it come from?”

“It came from in there,” Jake said grimly, racing
toward the door, “and it was a revolver shot!”

--- Page 110 ---
Chapter 16

JAKE’S MIND WAS SPINNING LIKE A TOP AS HE RACED
down the hall. The gun. Who had fired it? Nelle? Was
she the, murderess after all, and had she—Oh no, not
Helene. It couldn’t be. Or had someone come in while
he was at the telephone, and—

He flung open the door, the disheveled brunette at
his heels, the others close behind.

Nelle sat on the davenport, calmly smoking. Helene
stood in the middle of the room, a peculiar contraption
of-wood, rubber, and leather in her hand. - ~?Good
God!” he said, and again, “good God!” - “What hap-
pened?” the brunette cried.

“The gun,” Jake said, “where—"

“ve got it,” Helene said. She suddenly released a
spring onthe peculiar contraption. The room resounded
with the sound of a gunshot. The brunette screamed.

“Holy Moses!” Jake said. “It’s Krause’s sound effect!”

Helene laughed. “I’m sorry | frightened anybody.”

For the first time Jake was aware of the little crowd
in the doorway.

“You certainly frightened us all right,” said a thin
young man with a dark mustache. “You certainly fright-
ened us!” He mopped his brow.

Helene looked surprised. “You mean you could hear
this thing all the way down the hall to your room?”

--- Page 111 ---
“Hear it!” the young man said, “I thought the little
men were landing from Mars!” He mopped his brow
again. “I’m glad no one was shot. Come on down and
have some beer.”

Helene brightened. “We’d love to,” she said. “But
to make up for frightening you, let me bring along a
drink. Besides, | just moved here, and | ought to buy
the drinks.” She tucked the bottle under his arm and
they followed her through the door. Jake waved to
Nelle to come along.

No one bothered with such trivialities
as introductions.

“A whole quart!” the young man said admir-
ingly. “You’re going to be a wonderful addition to
the neighborhood!”

The young man’s room was small, and there were
only two chairs and a bed to sit on, but no one minded.
After the rye was gone, Jake went to the corner for two
half-gallon bottles of beer, and then the young man
with the mustache went to the corner for two more half
gallons. Then someone else went to the corner for more
rye. By that time Jake had learned that the previous
occupant of Helene’s apartment had been named Paul
March, that he had been a very handsome young man
who had something to do with the radio business, that
he’d owed a little money to nearly everybody in the
building, that he’d promised the disheveled brunette
to get her a job on the radio, and that he’d once had
a blondish girl friend, described as pretty by the mus-
tached young man.

Except for the beer, Jake had a feeling that the eve-
ning had been wasted.

At last he rounded up Nelle and Helene and they

--- Page 112 ---
left, after a slight argument with someone who wanted
to know how Jake could get away with taking two
women home from the party. The three of them went
into Helene’s apartment and shut the door.

The sound effect still lay on the table. Helene picked
it up and looked at it thoughtfully.

“Don’tdoit,” Jake begged. “This time someone will
call acop.”

She sighed, and put it down.

“Krause will have you arrested,” he observed. “He
loves those things like a mother. What did you do
it for?”

“I wanted to know if you could hear a revolver shot
down in that room when a party was going on, and |
found out. You could.”

“Yes,” he agreed, “you certainly could.”

“So why didn’t they all come down to find out what
had happened the night Paul March was shot?”

“Oh,” Nelle said, “I see now!” She,paused. “It’s a pity
you can’t go and try that in the client’s room where
Mr. Givvus was shot, and see if it can be heard in the
reception room—"

’Don’t suggest it,” Jake said with feeling. “You don’t
know her. She’ll try it.”

Helene sniffed. “I don’t need to try it. I’'m sure
nobody heard the shot this afternoon, or it would have
been investigated. Therefore, no one did.”

“Therefore,” Jake picked it up, “someone used a gun
with a silencer in both cases, and that must mean the
same person committed both murders. I’ll believe just
so farin coincidence, and no farther. Helene, when are
we going to get married?”

“Tomorrow,” she said promptly. “But Jake, it was

--- Page 113 ---
St. John who shot Paul March. It must have been. And
that means—”

“Can you imagine St. John shooting a prospective
client during or before an audition?” Jake asked scorn-
fully. He looked searchingly at Nelle. “Nelle, if by any
chance you’re lying to me about this, I’'ll break your
neck, so help me God.”

“But I’'m not lying to you,” she said desperately.

He sighed. “As a matter of manners, I’ll believe you.
But you could have done both murders, and you had
a motive for each of them. In the second one you had
a motive that worked both ways—I mean, whether
you thought you were shooting St. John, or knew you
were shooting Givvus, your contract would be all right.”

“Do you think I’'d commit a murder for a contract?”

“Hell,” Jake said, “for a good contract you’d do much
worse than that.”

“Stop picking on her,” Helene said indignantly.

“Don’t mind me,” Jake said mildly, “I’m just trying
to solve a couple of murders.”

Helene .frowned. “Find someone who had a motive
for murdering both Paul March and either St. John or
Mr. Givvus.”

“And then,” Jake said, “find who had the opportunity
in both cases, and has a gun with a silencer on it, and
then pin it on this unknown person in such a way that
Nelle won’t be dragged into it, and then get her letters
back safely.” Jake sighed. “Nelle, this woman hasn’t
any more liquor. Let’s go home.”

Nelle rose to her feet a little uncertainly. “I’'ve got to
go home anyway. It’s late.”

“'ll drive you home,” Helene said. “You too, Jake.”

In the first-floor hall they ran into Molly, looking very

--- Page 114 ---
forlorn and on the verge of tears.

“Thank God!” she exclaimed. “If | hadn’t found
anyone to have a drink with me, I’d have gone right
out the window.”

They paused long enough to help herfinish a bottle
of gin, and listened while she told them about her life,
which had been unquestionably very sad. Then Helene
performed a miraculous feat of driving that landed
them in front of Nelle’s apartment building, and Jake
saw her safely into the elevator.

“I’'ll send the sound effect back tomorrow, anon-
ymously,” Helene said on the way back, “if it’s on
your conscience.”

“It’s not on my conscience,” Jake said, “but with a
new baby and a wife in the hospital, Krause has enough
trouble without losing his revolver-shot sound effect.
Helene, you don’t want to go home. | don’t want to go
home. It’s still early. Only two o’clock. We’re still sober.
Let’s go somewhere and buy a drink.”

“We’ll do nothing of the kind,” she said firmly. “I'm
taking you to your door, and you’re going right upstairs
and go to bed and go to sleep. Then I’m putting the car
away and going home myself. You may have forgotten
it, but you’re going to be married tomorrow.”

Jake sighed deeply. “I’m afraid that matrimony is
going to be a terribly sobering influence on you,” he
said thoughtfully. “Maybe | won’t marry you after all.”

She drove in silence for half a block.

“All right,” she said, “all right. But we only stop for
one” drink. One!”

--- Page 115 ---
Chapter 17

JAKE WOKE FROM A DREAM THAT WAS HALF HANG-
over and half nightmare, wondered if his eyes felt more
uncomfortable open or shut. He thought very seriously
for a little while, and then resolved that this would be
the beginning of a new and far, far better life.

“There was a dim—but very dim—recollection of
taking Helene home in a taxi. He wondered where they
had left her car, and if they would ever find it again.

He remembered that there was something about
today that was terribly important. Or had that been
part of the dream he had just left behind him? No, he
was sure—quite sure, anyway—that it was something
real. Not a delucination. Delucination? What was that?
Ohyes, it was what Tootz had. A cross between a delu-
sion and a hallucination.

He wished he hadn’t waked up.

What was it that was so important? Something that
made today different from all the other days in history,
his history or the world’s. Something that he was going
to do.

He wished he could remember what it was.

He was still trying to fix his mind on it when the
telephone rang. It was Helene.

“Today we’re getting married, or had you forgotten?”

“I was just trying to work it into the schedule,” he

--- Page 116 ---
said gallantly.

“I thought maybe you’d just remembered you
already had a wife in St. Louis.”

“Itisn’t St. Louis, it’s Allentown,” Jake said in a sur-
prised voice, “but how did you know?”

“Maybe I’m just discouraged, but | have a feeling
we’ll never get to Crown Point.”

“There’s no audition today,” Jake said, “and no
shootings scheduled as far as | know. Anyway, nothing
is going to interfere this time. Nothing. Do you get that?
I’ll be overin,” he looked at his watch, “half an hour.”

He shaved, took a shower, and dressed, spending an
extra thirty seconds on the selection of his tie.

Just as he was ready to leave there was a sudden
knock at the door. He opened it and there stood
Ma-lone, a rakish bandage over one eye.

“The next time | travel, | go on a tricycle,” the little
lawyer said sourly. He came in and kicked the door
shut. “Imagine how | felt when I saw that tree coming
at us. Imagine how | felt when | couldn’t find any way
of getting up to Brule. And imagine how | felt when you
told me it had all been a waste of time. Now tell me
why | didn’t need to find Goldman.”

“Somebody shot St. John’s client,” Jake said,
“during the audition. Have you had breakfast?”

“Who shot him?”

“A man with a gun in his hand. Or maybe it was a
woman. Have you had breakfast?”

“No. What happened?”

“Look here,” Jake said, “I’ve had enough of this.
Helene and | are getting married today at Crown Point.
I’m on my way to get her now. If you want to come to
breakfast, I'll tell you about it on the way. If you don’t

--- Page 117 ---
want to, you can go to hell.”

“A very kind invitation,” Malone said, “and wel-
come, too. And if you don’t know any better than to get
married, it’s none of my business. Now tell me about
this murder.”

By the time they had reached apartment 215, Jake
had finished his story of the sudden death of the late
Mr. Givvus, and the subsequent disposal of the body.
Helene greeted them enthusiastically and invited
Malone to go with them as a bridesmaid. Malone
agreed but stated his refusal to wear a corsage, and
began looking through the morning newspapers, while
Jake and Helene quarreled over the process of coffee
making and discussed what she might or might not
have done with her car the night before.

At last the coffee was made, and Jake spread the
newspapers out on the table.

The police were greatly concerned over the dis-
covery of the late Mr. Givvus on a Lincoln Park bench.
There were pictures of the bench, and of a policeman
named Gadenski pointing to. the exact spot where the
body had been found. One story mentioned the fact
that a copy of a Chicago newspaper had been found
in the dead man’s lap, turned to a story concerned
with downstate vice conditions. Another story gave
the same fact, but stated that the newspaper had been
turned to a picture of a Hollywood queen. Both stories
treated the fact of the folded newspaper as being of
extreme importance. But there was no hint of the fact
that the late Mr. Givvus had been in Chicago to attend
a radio audition.

“Thank God!” Jake said.

Malone scowled, spilling a little coffee on his cuff.

‘(I

--- Page 118 ---
suppose you know you’ve committed a serious crime
in moving the body.”

“Hell,” Jake said, “what would you have done? I’'m
hired to protect Nelle Brown’s reputation, one way
or another. This was one of the ways. Suppose he’d
been discovered in the client’s room where he’d gone
to listen to a Nelle Brown secret audition?”

“Just the same,” the little lawyer said, “they put
people in jail just for things like that.”

“Well damn it,” Jake said furiously, “What have we
got a lawyer for? Put your mind on the train of thought
that would have followed the discovery of the body.
It was a secret audition. Why was a secret audition
being held? Papa Goldman comes rushing back from
Brule. His Nelle Brown giving a secret audition for
another client! Could Nelle explain to him that she
had to give the audition because St. John was black-
mailing her? Either way, Papa Goldman would have had
the best of reasons for refusing to re-sign her contract
Friday night.”

“Good God,” Malone exploded, spilling the rest of the
coffee, “two men have been murdered, and all you’re
worrying about is getting Nelle’s contract re-signed.”

“All ’m worrying about,” Jake said, “is when we’re
going to get to Crown Point and get married.”

“Suppose,” Malone said thoughtfully, “suppose
someone remembers seeing Givvus going to the
broadcasting studio.”

“No one did. He wasn’t the sort of guy you’d notice.
Just a little, ordinary-looking guy.”

“Those are the sort of guys that always get noticed,”
Malone observed. He sat thinking for a minute.
“Anyway, if he was a little ordinary-looking guy, it’s

--- Page 119 ---
damned funny somebody mistook him for St. John.”

“The light was poor in the client’s room,” Jake said.

“It couldn’t have been that poor.”

“The murderer has poor eyesight,” Helene
suggested helpfully.

“Maybe he has,” Malone said, “maybe he has. You’ve
got something there that you probably think s a clue.
But we know he’s a damned good shot.” He drew a long
breath. “If someone’s really trying to murder St. John,
there may be a second attempt.”. “l hope to God there
is!” Jake said crossly.

“All right, but let’s get Nelle’s letters back from
him first.”

“Let’s get me and Helene married first.”

“Let’s remember where my car s first,” Helene said.

“Afine -thing,” Jake said indignantly. “I’'m only mar-
rying you because | like the car, and here you go and
lose it.”

“If you could remember where we went last night,
maybe | could remember where the caris.”

“All this is very interesting,” Malone said peevishly,
“but don’t forget you’re mixed up in two murders,
you’ve committed a crime that may land you in the jug,
only God knows what’s going to happen next, and He
in His infinite wisdom refuses to tell.” He rose, strolled
to the window, and stood looking across the back-yard
litter of barrels, clotheslines, garbage cans, and tired
cats. “I’m following a train of thought.”

They were silent for a few minutes.

“It goes like this,” Malone said, still looking out the
window. “Not my train of thought, you understand. But
a train of thought. It could become very popular, too.”

“What the devil are you talking about?”

--- Page 120 ---
Jake demanded.

The little lawyer didn’t seem to hear him. “As Nelle
Brown’s manager, Jake would find the death of the
late Mr. Givvus very much to his advantage. We needn’t
go too deeply into motives, save that there would be
important financial ones. Anything over four bits cash
money is an important financial motive these days.
There would be friendship motives, too. An unself-
ish-love motive might hit popular fancy, too.” He
paused again.

“The late Mr. Givvus,” he went on thoughtfully, “was
shot at some undetermined time, quite conceivably a
time when Jake was on the loose around the corridors
of the broadcasting studios. | mention this as another
probably popular station at which a train of thought
might pause.

“Finally,” he said, warming to his climax, “this
damned dummox, Jake Justus, goes to work and
moves the body, thus concealing the evidence of his
crime.” He concluded with one magnificent gesture.

After a longish pause he said, mildly, “This, Helene,
leads up to the fact that if they hang Jake, you can still
marry me.”

“But no,” she said in a dazed voice.

“Are you turning me down?” Malone
inquired pleasantly.

“As | said before,” Jake remarked, “what have | got
a lawyer for?”

“'m just a lawyer,” Malone told him, “not a
miracle man.”

“You’re a maniac,’ Helene said angrily. “None of that
is going to happen in anyone’s mind, and you know it.”

Malone shrugged his shoulders. “Suit yourself. The

--- Page 121 ---
alternative train of thought, which leaves on another
track, is that Nelle shot him and Jake moved the body
to protect his client and his pal.”

“For all I know,” Jake said slowly, “that train may
be the right one. But damn it, Malone, there’s no
chance anyone will find out that Givvus was shot at
the studios.”

Malone said, “A flier will tell you that a good land-
ing is any landing you can walk away from. The same
statement applies to good murders. But | have a dirty
hunch this murderisn’t one you can walk away from.”
~: “What’s to be done?” Jake asked.

“I’m gonna see a guy,” Malone said. “A police lieu-
tenant by the name of Von Flanagan.”

“Come again?” Helene said.

“Von Flanagan,” Malone told her, “it’s his name.
It was Flanagan and everybody kidded him so much
about Flanagan being a good name for a cop that he
went to court and had the Von tacked on.”

“He should have made it Von MacFlanagan,” she
commented. “Why do you want to see him?”

“I want to remark that | once knew a guy named
Givvus and | wondered if this could be the one, which it
will turn outitisn’t, but meantime I'll find out just how
much the police do know about the murder.”

“Confessions of a nasty spy,” Helene said.
“And then?”

“We’re going to get married,” Jake said stubbornly.
“Today.”

Malone shook his head. “This first. Before I'll let you
two go anywhere, I’'m going to make very sure that no
one is going to remember Mr. Givvus went to hear an
audition yesterday afternoon. Then I’ll speed you on

--- Page 122 ---
your way. I’'ll even buy the flowers.”

“You’ll probably pick out a wreath,” Jake said
gloom-ily.

Malone found his hat where it had rolled under the
davenport, brushed ineffectively at the dust oniit, and
said, “All | hope is that the day doesn’t land you in a
police station.”

Helene gave a sudden yelp and sprang to her feet.
“Pve got it! | know!”

“What?” Jake demanded. “What is it!”

They stared at her hopefully.

“My car. | remember now where | left it.”

“Oh hell,” Jake said. “I thought you knew who’d
murdered Mr. Givvus. Where is it?”

“I left it by the no parking sign in front of the Chicago
Avenue Police Station,” she said happily. “l remember
thinking at the time, it would be such a good safe place
forit!”

--- Page 123 ---
Chapter 18

MALONE KNEW THE DESK SERGEANT THE CHICAGO
Avenue Police Station and managed to convince him of
a good reason why the big imported car had been left
there overnight between two no parking signs. Then
he delivered the car to Helene, suggested to her that
his life would be simplified if she took up bicycling, and
went in search of Daniel Von Flanagan.

The big police officer was red-faced and wilted by
the heat, and very tired. He welcomed Malone’s sugges-
tion of a cool drink in some quiet place as a marooned
mariner might have welcomed the Coast Guard.

Von Flanagan was a weary, exasperated, and
unhappy man. He was, as he explained to Malone, only
an honest cop trying to do his duty; and the police
department, the D.A’’s office, and the newspapers
seemed to hold him personally responsible for the fact
that people would murder each other in complicated
and devious ways.

“Just a nice straightforward shooting, | can under-
stand,” he said dismally into his beer, “but why people
should go out of their way to make life so hard for me,
| don’t know.”

“It’s probably nothing personal,” Malone said.

“Now you take this dame who shot her husband,”
Von Flanagan went on. “She shot him in the kitchen

--- Page 124 ---
of their house, there was nobody else in the house,
the neighbors called a cop, she had the gun that had
killed him, and everybody knew she hated his guts. It
was all .nice and simple. No fuss, no bother. | arrested
her, and you defended her, and she was. acquitted, and
| understand she’s going to marry a guy who owns a
chain of taverns on the West Side. Nice fella, too. Now
that’s the way | like to see things happen. Quick and
clean arid simple.”

“So many people do everything the hard way,”
Malone said sympathetically.

“Hard for me, you mean,” Von Flanagan said. “If |
had it to do over again, I’d of been an undertaker like
| intended to be in the first place. Believe me, if our
alderman’s wife’s brother hadn’t, owed my old man
money, I’'d of never been a cop. Now you take this guy
who was found shot up in Lincoln Park. He’s been driv-
ing me nuts all day.” He sighed heavily.

“What about him?” Malone asked. “l didn’t read
much about it in the papers, just the headlines.”

“More beer,” Von Flanagan said to the waiter, “and
listen, Gus, you’d better bring ‘em two at a time. A
park-district cop named Leo Gadenski was going along
the walk near the viaduct and he seen this guy asleep
on a bench. So he goes to chase him off, only this guy
ain’t asleep, he’s dead.” He sighed again, more noisily.
“It’s an awful mess.”

“Why?” Malone asked disinterestedly.

“Because there ain’t no reason for nobody shooting
the guy,” Von Flanagan exploded. “Nobody wants to
shoot him. He comes from Philly, and he’s rich, and
he makes soap. That’s a hell of a lot to find out about
a guy, now isn’t it? | ask you. Nobody knows him in

--- Page 125 ---
Chicago. Nobody ever heard of him in Chicago. And
God damn it, nobody knows why he came here.” He
looked moodily into his glass.

“That don’t make sense,” Malone said.

“I know damn well it don’t, make sense. Look here.
This guy flew here from Philly yesterday and got in
around noon. We know that. He registered at the Drake,
went up to his room and washed—all he had with him
was a little handbag with a shaving kit and a clean
shirt—went downstairs and had lunch, and walked out
the door. We know that. And then what? Then he turns
up in Lincoln Park, on a bench, dead.”

Malone decided there was a special providence that
looked after Jake Justus. He called for another beer.

“Sounds like he came here on a business trip,” he
hazarded cautiously.

Von Flanagan nodded. “Yeah, but what business? No
one knows anything about it. His company has a sales
office here and no onein it even knew he was in town.
He didn’t intend to stay long; he had reservations on
the midnight plane.” He paused to brush a fly off his
cheek. “I've got a little money tucked away, and next
year I’m gonna retire, and do you know what I’'m gonna
do? I’m gonna raise mink.”

“Mink?” the little lawyer repeated stupidly, his mind
still wrestling with the problem of Mr. Givvus.

“Yeah, mink. Annie’s been hounding me for a mink
coat for three years, so last winter | priced one, and do
you know what those damn things cost?”

“Ill tell the world | do,” Malone said bitterly and rem-
iniscently. “Can you learn anything from Philadelphia?”

“Hell no,” the police officer said. “Nobody there
knew where he was going. He told his office he was

--- Page 126 ---
going to be away for a day, and that was all. Whatever
he came here for, he was sure keeping it dark.”

“Maybe somebody followed him here,”
Malone suggested.

“Do you suppose we didn’t think of that?” Von Fla-
nagan said scornfully. “We checked his wife, his kids,
his inlaws, his girl friend—boy, was she a handful—his
business associates, even his bookie. Nobody followed
him to Chicago. Nobody even knew he was coming to
Chicago. I tell you, Malone, it don’t make sense.”

“Well,” Malone said, “it’s like this. He probably went
forawalkinthe park and satdown on a bench to rest.
Somebody was shooting at birds, or tin cans in the
lake, or some damn thing, and plugged him by mistake.
Probably don’t even know it.”

Von Flanagan nodded. “Sure. That’s easy. So easy |
thought of it myself. Only here’s the thing, Malone. He
wasn’t shot on that park bench. He was took there.”

Malone raised an eyebrow, drew a long breath, and
said very slowly, “That’s funny.”

“Funny ain’t the word for it.”

“How do you know he was taken there?”

“Because,” Von Flanagan growled, “when Gadenski
found him he’d been dead anyway an hour. Well, we
found a couple who’d been sitting on that very same
park bench not fifteen minutes before Gadenski found
the body.” He loosened his tie and went on, “Naturally
there was all hell popping when the body was found,
and this couple was walking along the beach, and they
came up to see what all the rumpus was about. And
the guy, he says, ‘Why, we were sitting on that bench
a few minutes ago.” “

“I see,”Malone said, nodding, and wondered why

--- Page 127 ---
Jake Justus’s special providence didn’t keep its mind
on its work.

“So,” the police officer finished, “he must have been
shot somewhere else, and somebody carted himup to
Lincoln Park, and sat him on the bench. Now will you
please tell me why the hell anybody would do that?”

“Why indeed,” Malone murmured.

“Why not leave him where he was? Or if he had to
be carted away for some reason, why sit him up on a
bench in Lincoln Park, with his hat on his head, and
why the hell stick a newspaper in his lap?” Von Fla-
nagan mopped a steaming brow. “I tell you, Malone,
nobody would do a thing like that who wasn’t just plain
ordinary nuts!”

“You,” said Malone soulfully, “are telling me

Von Flanagan waved to the waiter for more beer.
“See what I mean? It’s things like that make life hard for
me. Now you take mink. They don’t give you no trouble.
They’re healthy, if you take good care of ‘em. And—”"

“What are you going to do about the Givvus case?”
Malone interrupted.

“I’'ve sure as shooting got to do something. I’'m
getting hell about it.” A grim look came into his mild
blue eyes. “And I’'m gonna do something, too. I’'m an
easygoing guy, going along minding my own business
and not looking for trouble, and it takes a lot to get me
sore, but I’m sore about this case, and what | mean is.
I’m good and sore. Maybe I’m just a dumb cop. All right,
so I’'m just a dumb cop. But by God, I’m gonna find out
who shot that guy and took him up to Lincoln Park.”

“I sure wish you luck,” Malone said heartily and
hoped that heaven would forgive him.

“I’m gonna fine-toothcomb that guy’s life and find

l”

--- Page 128 ---
out why he came to Chicago. Somebody knows why,
and I’m gonna find out. I’m gonna plaster his picture all
over the papers. Somebody’s gonna remember seeing
him. I’'m gonna find out where he went when he left
the Drake if it’s the last damn thing | ever get done.”
He set his jaw hard. “I don’t care how long it takes,
either. And don’t think | can’t do it, because | can. I’'m
sore about this, that’s all. It ain’t right for people to
do things like this to me, and I’'m God damned if I’'m
gonna stand forit.”

Malone remembered past instances of Von Flana-
gan’s dogged persistence when his ire was roused, and
decided that the next few days were going to be busy
ones. Still, he tried one hopeful shot.

“You might,” he said thoughtfully, “be able to put
over that accidental death theory and get the news-
papers off your tail.”

Von Flanagan shook his head. “Sure | could. But
| ain’t going to. Not this case.” He set his glass down
with a thump. “Now, you see what | mean, Malone? It’s
things like this that make it hard for a fella. Next year |
quit, so help me. All you have to do is buy a nice little
farm somewhere and get two mink, and then just wait.
That’s all. We’d better have some more beer.”

--- Page 129 ---
Chapter 19

WITH GOOD LUCK,” MALONE SAID, “I CAN GET HIM OFF
with twenty years. | hope you’ll wait for him, Helene,
he’s a nice fella.”

He had finished his description of the conference
with

Von Flanagan. Even Jake looked a little concerned.

The lawyer sighed. “Well, you’ve heard what Von
Flanagan is going to do. Maybe we’d better get in ahead
of him. | mean we’d better find out who murdered the
late Mr. Givvus of Philadelphia. Yes, | think maybe we
better had.”

There was a little silence.

“Mr. Givvus,” Malone said thoughtfully, “seems so
perfectly the average successful citizen that it’s hard to
believe he existed. | looked at his picture. An ordinary
little guy. | looked up his life, courtesy of Von Flanagan’s
department. He was a pretty good soapmaker. Member
of a good second-rate club. Expensive house in a Philly
suburb, probably a very architectural-looking house
somewhat on the ornate side. Wife and two kids. Wife
president of a garden club. Kids out of college, living
on the old man. Girl friend who used to be a private
secretary—not his private secretary, someone else’s.
Shows the man had taste. Not much to live for though.
Still, not much reason for anybody to shoot him.”

--- Page 130 ---
He paused, paced up and down the floor leaving
little piles of cigar ash on the rug.

“Funny. Not much reason for anybody to shoot him.
But somebody did.”

Another silence, a few more trips back and forth
on the floor. In his strolling the little lawyer suddenly
noticed the odd-shaped contraption of wood, leather,
and rubber lying on the table. He picked it up, idly fid-
dled with it, half-unconsciously.

Suddenly the quiet was shattered by the sound of
a gunshot. Jake jumped. Helene screamed. Malone
dropped the contraption as though it had turned, and
bitten him.

“What the hell,” he said dazedly, and again, “what
the hell!”

“You shot off the sound effect,” Jake gasped as soon
as words came back to him.

Malone picked it up, looked at it, experimented
with it, and shot it off again, this time with less disas-
trous results, and looked questioningly and dubiously
at Helene.

“It’s Krause’s sound effect,” Jake explained. “Helene
stole it to conduct an experiment. She’s going to send
it back.” He described the experiment and its results.

“So,” Helene added, “it must have been a gun with
a silencer, and that means—"

“Wait a minute,” the lawyer said excitedly, “wait a
minute.” He stared at them a moment, walked to the
window and looked out, picked up the sound effect
and laid it down again, took out a cigar and lighted it,
made two more turns up and down the room.

“Malone,” Helene said, near-desperation in her
voice, “what goes on?”

--- Page 131 ---
“I heard Nelle’s program last week,” Malone said,
“and | heard about five minutes of the program that
followed it. Jake, what was that program?”

“True Gang Stories, or some such title,” Jake
said promptly.

“And didn’t you tell me the radio was going full blast
in Paul March’s apartment when you walked in and
found the body?”

“It was!” Jake said, a sudden light flickering in his
eyes. “Hell’s bells yes, you might be right. Last week’s
Gang Stories script was full of shooting. No one would
have noticed one more shot. Anyone who heard it
would have assumed it was one of Krause’s sound
effects coming over the air.”

Helene said, “Wonderful! What of it?”

Jake ignored her. “If that’s right,” he said, “it fixes
the time of the shooting very nicely. Somewhere in the
half-hour right after the Nelle Brown Revue.”

They stared at each other.

“But during the audition,” Helene began, “I mean,
when Mr. Givvus was killed—how about the sound of
the shot then?”

This time it was Jake who paced the floor. Halfway
in the eighth lap he paused suddenly, began looking
around the room.

“Newspapers,” he said, “l want newspapers. Yester-
day’s newspapers.”

Helene unearthed one in the wastebasket. He
spread it out on the floor, found the radio page, ran a
forefinger down the afternoon’s listings.

“Just before the audition,” he said slowly, “just a
very few minutes before we got the audition under
way, The Rider of the Rockies came on the air. The

--- Page 132 ---
reception-room speaker was probably turned on for it.
It—The Rider of the Rockies—has a standard opening.”

He paused for thought.

“It opens,” he said slowly, “with an Indian war
whoop, a burst of galloping hoofbeats”—he produced
a highly realistic sound of hoofbeats by patting his
thighs with his cupped hands—”and a regular fusillade
of gunshots. Boom-boom-tiddy-boom-boom-boom!”
He grabbed the sound effect, shot it off a half-dozen
times in rapid succession.

Before anyone had a chance to speak, there were
running footsteps in the hall. Jake opened the door,
stuck his head out, said, “It’s all right, Molly, it’s just
me shooting at my girl,” and shut the door again. The
footsteps went away.

“All of which means,” Malone said, “it didn’t need
to be a gun with a silencer. The sound of the shot was
covered in both cases.”

“Lovely,” Jake commented, “now all we need to
know is who fired the shots.”

Malone sighed. “Here are some more trains of
thought. First, that the same person committed both
murders. That thought has two subdivisions: (a) that
someone committed both murders thinking that Mr.
Givvus was St. John, and (b) that someone committed
both murders thinking that Mr. Givvus was Mr. Givvus.
Then there is the thought that these are two different
and totally unrelated crimes, with the same two sub-
divisions relating to the second murder: (a) that the
murderer thought he was shooting St. John, and (b)
that he thought he was shooting Mr. Givvus.”

“And subdivision (c),” Helene said, “that it was
Krause thinking Mr. Givvus had stolen his sound effect.”

--- Page 133 ---
No one paid any attention to her.

“What | want to know now is,” Malone said, looking
hopelessly around for his hat, “could this guy have been
mistaken for St. John. ’'ve seen his picture. | want to see
St. John.” He finally located the hat under a crumpled
newspaper beside the table. “Get on your horses. We’re
going to call on St. John.”

They were down the stairs, in the car, and halfway
down Michigan Avenue before Helene caught enough
breath to ask, “But why are we going to see St. John?”

“l want to get a good look at him,” Malone told her.

“I’m better-looking than he is,” Jake said coyly.

“You are not,” Helene said. “St. John is a good-look-
ing guy. Dignified. Impressive. English tweeds and a”
curved-stem pipe, and a hunting dog curled at his feet
before the fireplace.”

“He has bunions,” Jake said. “Don’t forget St. John
believes you’re my confidential secretary.”

“A confidential secretary,” Malone said scornfully,
“in a simple little gray linen dress that’s a Paris import.”

“How do you know a Paris import when you see it?”
Helene asked, turning into Wacker Drive.

Malone said irritably, “Ask my secretary. She pays
my private bills for me out of my personal account.”
He sniffed. “Well, if St. John wonders about the
clothes Jake’s secretary is wearing, you can think of
the answer.”

“'ll tell him my lawyer buys her clothes for her,”
Jake said.

The usual collection of hopeful actresses, actors,
and script writers were waiting to see the great John
“St. John, but the red-haired girl at the switchboard
beamed at Jake and sent the three in without waiting.

--- Page 134 ---
St. John seemed pale and very tired.

“Sleep well?” Jake inquired pleasantly, sinking into a
comfortable red-leather chair. He admired the purplish
swelling on St. John’s slender and aristocratic nose.

“Excellently,” St. John said. He didn’t look it.

Malone looked at him closely, walked around the
desk and looked at his profile, walked back and stared
at him fullface, then took a folded newspaper from his
pocket and stared at a picture of the late Mr. Givvus.

“No, Jake,” he said, ‘T think you’re wrong. No*me
could have mistaken Mr. Givvus for this guy.”

“Evenin a dim light?” Jake asked.

“Even in the dark,” Malone said. “Look at this guy’s
forehead, and then look at Mr. Givvus. St. John here has
a wave of hair that comes down this way, and Givvus
was half bald. St. John has a long, thin, horsy face, and
Givvus was almost round-faced.”

“Maybe you’re right,” Jake said, “but it was an
idea anyway.”

“They don’t look anything alike,” Helene said. “But
there still doesn’t seem to be any motive for anybody
shooting Mr. Givvus.”

St. John cleared his throat delicately. “l don’t mind
your using my office for a conference room,” he said
pleasantly. “But | was under the impression you came
up here to see me.”

“We did,” Malone said, “it just slipped my mind for
the moment. How many people knew that your client,
Mr. Givvus, was having a secret audition yesterday?”

St. John raised his right eyebrow half an inch.
“Wouldn’t it be safer to let the murder of Mr. Givvus
rest in peace? After all, I’'m the only person who seems
to have lost anything by it, and God knows, I’'m willing

--- Page 135 ---
to let the whole thing drop.”

“ldon’t want to just let it drop,” Malone said. “l want
to see it buried. That’s why | asked the question.”

“Well,” St. John said thoughtfully, “well, there was
Nelle—and these two people, of course.” He nodded
toward Jake and Helene. “In addition—Oscar, Schultz,
and Ross from the broadcasting company’s sales
department. Yesterday | told Ross that my client didn’t
show up for the audition at the last minute. He sympa-
thized with me and, as far as | know, he believed me.”

“How about Lou Silver?” Jake asked. “And the band
boys and the cast?”

“None of them knew who the audition was for.”

“Marvelous,” Jake said. “A scene beautifully set for
murder. Just as if it had been planned.”

“Are you insinuating anything?” St. John asked
in a perfectly expressionless voice, raising the
other eyebrow.

“No,” Jake said nastily, “should | be?”

“Never mind,” Malone said. “Look here, St. John.
You’re positive no one else knew he was going to be
there? It’'s damned important.”

“Positive,” St. John said wearily, slipping off one
shoe under the desk. “I met him at the elevator myself
and showed him into the client’s room. Outside of the
elevator man, no one saw him, and those elevators are’
carrying up hundreds of people all day long.”

“Well then,” Malone said, “it’s fairly certain that no
one will find out Givvus was shot in the client’s room,
and his body moved to Lincoln Park. That’s all | was
worrying about.”

“Of course,” St. John said icily, “murder is murder,
and moving a body may be a serious offense.”

--- Page 136 ---
“Soiswithholding evidence,” Malone said picking up
his hat. “You aren’tin the clear either. But | don’t give
a hoot who murdered the guy. I’'m not on the police
force. My business is keeping or getting people out of
trouble. I’'m good at it, too. Any time you are involved
in @ murder, St. John, here’s my card.”

He nodded to Jake and Helene, and they left
together. St. John’s secretary passed them in the
doorway, carrying a pile of scripts and a handful of
telegrams, and as the door closed, they could hear St.
John’s tired and harassed voice saying, “Oh God, why
dp T have to look after everything—"

“Poor guy,” Helene murmured.

“We didn’t find out much,” Malone said, “but we and
St’John seem to have each other nicely blockaded. He
can’t tell the world about the letters Nelle wrote Paul
March, because if he did, we could tell the world about
Givvus being murdered in the client’s room, and get
him in a heluva jam. That item also works the other
way. So right now nobody can make the first move.”

“Never a dull moment with the Nelle Brown Revue,”
Jake commented. “But it would simplify everything if
somebody would shoot St. John. Maybe if we wait long
enough, Essie St. John will. Now let’s me and Helene
go to Crown Point and get married. This looks like a
nice day for it.”

--- Page 137 ---
Chapter 20

I’'M GOING HOME AND CHANGE MY DRESS FIRST,”
Helene complained. “If 'm really going to get married,
I’ve got to dress up forit.”

Malone said, “l can get you married at Crown Point
any time up to midnight. Helene can change her dress,
we’ll have dinner, and I’ll go along and get you married.
I’ll be the best man and bridesmaid all at once. I'll even
buy the gin.”

“All right,” Jake said with a long sigh, “but I’'m begin-
ning to have a feeling the wedding will be held in the
old people’s home.”

They drove back to Erie Street. In Helene’s apart-
ment they found Nelle and Baby sitting side by side
on the davenport.

“The doorwas open,” Nelle explained, “so we came
right in. Helene, this is Baby. Baby, this is Helene. We
just dropped in to find out if you were really going to
get married today.”

“That’s the intention,” Jake said. He saw a specu-
lative gleam in the little lawyer’s eye and had an
uncomfortable premonition that the plans were due
for at least one more postponement.

“I’'m glad you dropped in,” Malone said happily.
“There’s just time for us all to have a drink together
before taking off for Crown Point.” He and Helene

--- Page 138 ---
vanished into the kitchenette and began concocting
a long, cool drink composed largely of gin.

Jake settled down in an easy chair and looked at
Baby. Thank God, he thought, he wasn’t one of the
pretty boys. Good-looking enough, as far as that went.

But not handsome. He didn’t seem to care whether
he was good-looking or not. Probably didn’t even know.
Rather boyish-looking, Jake decided, and wondered
if Nelle was the first important romance in the young
man’s life.

“No,” Baby was saying to Helene, “radio doesn’t
seem glamorous to me. It’s a lot of hard work. But |
like it.”

Baby would like hard work, Jake thought, and he’d
do it, too. He wasn’t another Paul March, with ability,
but getting by on the strength of his personal charm.
By some miracle, Nelle had picked wisely this time.

“Did you ever know a man in radio named Paul
March?” Helene asked very innocently. “This used to
be his apartment.”

Baby wrinkled his brow a little. Jake was glad he
was looking away from Nelle’s too-expressionless face;
“Paul March. Yes, | did. | did some work for him on a
daytime serial a few months ago. He does nice work.
| never knew him very well.”

It sounded genuine enough.

Malone led the conversation away from Paul March,
and Jake went on thinking about Nelle Brown and
Baby. He was trying to foresee how it would end. Baby
was taking it hard, that was obvious. A lot of gin would
flow under the bridgework, but it would be a long long
time before Baby would forget Nelle Brown. Too bad.
But what about Nelle? Jake sighed. Somehow he had

--- Page 139 ---
the feeling that the ending would be very, very sad.

Malone was talking about the mysterious murder
of a Mr. Givvus on a Lincoln Park bench.

Baby’s eyes brightened. “Say, | used to work for him.
Never thought of it before, but he’s the same guy.”

“Honestly?” Helene said, wide-eyed.

“Sure thing,” Baby told her. “He had a local program
on the airin Philly, and |, drew the assighment. But he
thought I was lousy, and | got the gate. That’s what sent
me here to Chicago.”

“Well, well,” Jake said, “and it must have been
a difficult trick, sneaking up on that park bench to
shoot him.”

Baby grinned. “Oh, I didn’t have any trouble. | snuck
up on him, silentlike. You see, I’'m really a full-blooded
Cherokee Indian, with my hair bleached.”

“Speaking of hair bleach,” Helene said, “let’s have
another drink.”

If Baby had actually murdered Givvus, Jake won-
dered, would he be smart enough to know that
was exactly the right thing to say? But why the hell
would Baby—

They talked of murder, Mr. Givvus, Philadelphia,
radio, and cocktail recipes for the time it took to con-
sume two more of the long, cool drinks. Then Jake had
a flash of inspiration.

“Say, where were you all yesterday afternoon?” he
asked Baby. “Oscarwas giving a special v audition and
thought he might have to use you if someone fell out
of the cast.”

“Yesterday?” Baby thought for a minute. “I did a
commercial at one-fifteen and | was on a show later
in the afternoon.”

--- Page 140 ---
“Was it The Rider of the Rockies?” Jake asked
very casually.

Baby shook his head. “No. I’'m in today’s script
though.” He looked at his watch. “Got to leave pretty
quick, too. Funny my landlady didn’t tell you where
to reach me yesterday. J had a couple of hours
between broadcasts.”

“She probably forgot,” Jake said. “But | should
have run into you around the studios. | was there
all afternoon’

“I went back in the announcer’s room and took a
nap,” Baby said.

He declined another drink, explaining that he had
a show to do; the rest decided there was time for one
more, and while it was being made, Nelle and Helene
disappeared into the bathroom. As soon as they were
out of earshot, Baby turned to Jake, his young face
suddenly grave.

“Say, is something worrying Nelle?”

Jake shook his head. “Not that | know. Why?”

“I'don’t know. | thought she looked tired and a little
pale. | guess things are never very easy for her.” He
scowled. “I know I’'m not very important to her, but |
mean to stick around as long as she needs me.”

“Why?” Jake asked, “if you’re not important to her.”

“This sounds funny,” Baby said, “but look. Nelle’s
going to need me very much someday. It’s like this. |
know just how much Tootz means to her. He means a
hell of a lot. He’s foundation, if you know what I mean.”

Jake nodded, and said, “Sure.”

“Tootz isn’t going to live forever. He’s getting on.
When it happens it’s going to be a terrible blow to Nelle.
| want to be there to catch her when it comes. Ok, |

--- Page 141 ---
don’t mean marry her. I’m just another guy to Nelle. But
when something like that happens, if somebody like
me just happens to be there, if you know what I mean.”

“Sure,” Jake said again, wishing he had taken either
one more drink or one less.

“Another thing,” Baby said, “this March guy. |
didn’t want to say so in front of Nelle, but | knew all
about—you-know-what-lI-mean—"

Jake nodded and reflected that radio announcers
should always have their personal conversations as
well as their scripts written for them.

“March told me,” Baby went on. “l got to know him
better, than | told Nelle. One night he got drunk, got to
bragging about her, and | popped him one, the sono-
fa-bitch. If he ever shoots off about her again, I'll break
his neck. Only I didn’t want Nelle to know that | knew
that. Because it would make her feel bad.” He drew a
long breath. “It’s like this. | don’t care about anything
she’s done in the past, or what she’s still going to do
in the future. For this little space in between, she’s my
life. That sounds like something from a lousy script,
but | mean it just that way. She’s my life.”

That was when Nelle and Helene returned.

Baby discovered it was time to leave for rehearsal,
said good-by all around, made arrangements to meet
Nelle later, and went away.

“There,” said Malone, who had overheard the con-
versation from the kitchenette, “is a young man who
would not only give you the shirt off his back, Nelle,
but throw in his necktie and vest as well.”

Jake remembered something he had wanted to ask
Nelle for a long time. It was wonderful how gin made
him remember things.

--- Page 142 ---
He looked at her very seriously. “Nelle. Why? |
mean, what do you see in Baby? What did you see in
Paul March?”

Her eyes suddenly seemed to become very large,
and to see something that the rest of them could not
see. “Love. Don’t laugh at me. | keep looking for it
and thinking it’s going to happen, and then it doesn’t.
People—like Paul —they happen, and | think, this time
this is it, this time this is love, and then | find out it
isn’t. | know it can happen, because it happens to other
people, but never to me. | want someone to be my
whole life so that nothing else is important to me, and
no one ever is. Other people fall in love and it goes on
forever and ever, but me, I know it’s just pretending. Or
perhaps it’'s me who knows what’s real and the other
people are just pretending. | don’t know. Perhaps you
can’tunderstand, but it’s like a kind of ideal that | keep
on looking for, even when | know it doesn’t exist and
I’ll never find it. And when | sing a love song, I’'m not
singing it to someone real, someone | love today or this
week or this year, but to the ideal even when | know
he isn’t anywhere.”

“Oh boy,” Jake said, “oh boy, how that could have
been worked into a script!”

The dreamy look was gone in a flash. “Oh Jake,”
she wailed. “I wish you’d written it down while | was
saying it!”

He leaned back in his chair and stared at her admir-
ingly. “There’s the reason it never happens to you. To
other people, ordinary people, your singing and your
acting is make-believe and the rest of life is real. But
to you, the world is make-believe.” He sighed. “Months
now I've tried to understand you and now | do. It’s

--- Page 143 ---
because you’re an artist. It took Malone’s gin to make
me see it. but now | do.”

Malone said very severely. “Let’s all us artists have
one more drink.”

Nelle refused, explaining that she had to go, since
Tootz expected her home. She kissed them all good-by
and left, after wishing Jake and Helene a happy mar-
riage for the third time in two days.

“That reminds me,” Helene said severely. “You two
seem to have forgotten it, but—"

Jake rose to his feet. “I have not forgotten it. This
time we go to Grown Point. Nothing stands in the way.”

It was then that the telephone call came from Essie
St. John.

--- Page 144 ---
Chapter 21

OH, THANK GOD, JAKE,” ESSIE ST. JOHN SAID OVER THE
wire. “I’ve been trying everywhere to reach you, and
finally I thought of calling Nelle’s, and the butler
suggested that | call this number, and here you are.
I’m so glad | found you.”

“I'm glad you’re glad,” Jake said. “Is that what you
wanted to know?”

“I can’t tell you over the phone. Jake, I’'ve got to
see you.”

He groaned. “Listen, Essie. For two days now I've
been trying to—”

“Jake, this is terribly important. I’'ve simply got to
see you. It’s something that I’'ve found out and you’ve
got to know about it. It’s important, | tell you. Oh Jake,
it won’t take five minutes.”

“Well, where can | meet you?”

“Somewhere. I’'m in the lobby of your hotel but |
don’t want to wait here for you. I’'m so afraid someone
will see me.”

“My God,” he said, “what is up?”

“Jake, | can’t talk here.”

“Well—" he thought for a moment. “Essie, my room
number is 1217. Romp up there and wait in the hall.
I’ll be along in a couple of minutes and we can talk
up in my room. No matter what the trouble is, pull

--- Page 145 ---
yourself together.”

He hung up, swearing softly. Lord only knew what
was the matter with Essie St. John. Whatever it was, he
probably wasn’t going to like it. He climbed the stairs to
Helene’s apartment and explained what had happened.

“Something terribly important,” Malone repeated.
“Probably she wants to tell you that she murdered Paul
March and stored his body in a trunk and then mur-
dered Mr. Givvus just to keep her hand in.”

“Probably she wants to tell me she can’t go on living
with St. John any longer,” Jake said gloomily. “Well,
’ll find out.”

“Afine thing,” Helene said indignantly. “You put off
marrying me to go meet another dame. What are you
going to do, Malone?”

The little lawyer sighed and stretched. “Go see Von
Flanagan once more just to keep us on the safe side
of things. Maybe I’ll have dinner with him, and meet
you later.”

“He must think he’s getting popular all of a sudden,”
Jake said. “I hope he doesn’t begin to wonder about it.”

Malone said, “I hope he doesn’t sell me a mink
ranch.” He picked up his hat. “Helene, give us aride.”

She drove Jake to his hotel, made arrangements to
meet him later, and left to drive Malone to Von Flana-
gan’s office. Jake looked at his watch, resolved that it
was going to take a very short time to dispose of Essie
St. John’s troubles, whatever they were. As he passed
through the lobby, he remembered the tremor of her
voice over the telephone and paused in the drugstore
for a couple of pints of rye; one, he reflected, for Essie,
and one for emergencies.

He found her pacing the corridor in front of his room,

--- Page 146 ---
her friendly, plain face pale and strained. Without a
word he, opened his door, shoved her inside and into
a chair, uncapped one of the bottles, poured a drink,
and put it into her hand.

“Thanks, Jake.” She loosened her fur and let it fall to
the floor, kicked off one shoe. “Oh Jake, he’s terrible.”

“Take the drink first.”

She gulped it down, reached for the cigarette he
handed her.

“Jake, | found out all about it. About his having
those letters. Do you know what I’'m talking about?”

“I might if you keep on talking.”

He wondered if she knew Paul March was dead.

“Somehow he got Paul to give them to him. | don’t
know how, but anyway he’s got them. Jake, he’s—”

“He’s terrible,” Jake said, filling her glass again.
“How did you find out about the letters?”

“He was taking a bath,” Essie said, “I mean, | knew he
was up to something, and when he was taking a bath
| looked through the pockets of all his clothes. And |
found the letters. They’re in his inside coat pocket. |
just looked at them and | knew right away what he
was doing with them.”

“Oh God,” Jake moaned, “if only you’d had the inspi-
ration to steal them and burn them up!”

“I'didn’t dare, Jake. You don’t know what he might
have done when he found out about it. | didn’t dare.
But I’m going to get them. | haven’tfinished telling you
about it yet.” She finished the drink and set the glass
down on the floor. “Yes, I’'m going to get those letters
foryou, Jake. l won’t let him get away with this. Itisn’t
fair, that’s what. It isn’t fair.”

“Very nice, even noble,” Jake said, “but how are you

--- Page 147 ---
going to do it?”

“He thinks I’'m going to be away tonight, Jake. He
thinks I’m staying out in Kenilworth with Jane—you
know, my sister. Jane is swell about things, you know.
If ’'m supposed to be staying there and he should
phone, the maid says that Jane and | have gone to
the movies, and she’ll tell me when | get back. Then
Jane calls me up where | am, and | call up John. It’s
really somebody special, too, Jake. | mean it isn’t just
one of those things. This is love, Jake.”

“Look here,” he said, looking at his watch, “this is
very interesting but | haven’t time to listen to all your
personal life.”

“Of course, but Jake, you don’t think I’'m perfectly
awful to do something like this, when John is—well, like
he is? It sort of makes me happier, if you know what
| mean. And it isn’t the same as if he—John—was—I
mean, if he was interested in me that way.”

“I can’t imagine anybody not being interested in
you that way,” Jake said gallantly.

She blushed unbecomingly. “It isn’t me, it’s just
women.” She said, “I mean he hasn’t just lost interest
in me, it’s that—well, not anybody,” she finished lamely.

“Proving that bunions are not an aphrodisiac,” Jake
said. He picked up her glass and set it on the dresser.
“But what about the letters?”

“I was just getting to that,” she said. “He thinks I’'m
staying with Jane tonight.”

“And you aren’t,” he said-She blushed again. Jake
noticed that her nose was a little shiny.

“Well, never mind,” Jake said, “go on.”

“I thought of how | could get the letters foryou. The
maid is out tonight, and he’ll be all alone in the house.

--- Page 148 ---
Before | left, we had a drink together, and I doped him.”

“My God, Essie!”

“It’'s some stuff | got once from a friend of mine,
a druggist. It won’t hurt him, but it’ll knock him out
cold. When I’m sure it’s had time to put him to sleep,
I’ll go back to the house and get the letters out of his
pocket. He won’t know who did it, and he’ll think | was
at Jane’s all the time. She’ll swear | was.”

“Essie, you’re a superwoman. How did you ever
think of it?”

“I've developed a pretty good head for thinking of
things,” she said unhappily.

“I know.” He dropped a hand on her shoulder.

“Jake, after | get -the letters, what shall | do with
them? | don’t dare carry them around with me.”

“Wrap them up and leave them at the desk down-
stairs. I’d meet you but 've—got a date. Essie, are you
sure this won’t get you into trouble?”

“I’m sure of it, Jake. I'd take a chance even if it
would. But—" she looked at her watch. “In a few hours
he’ll be dead to the world. I’ll go out there and get it
all fixed up, and then I'll leave the letters here for you.”

“Essie,” he told her, “this means so damned much
to Nelle. You just don’t know how much. You’re a
swell guy.”

“I like Nelle,” she said simply, “I like Nelle, and | like
you” and don’t thank me, Jake. | owe you something
for popping John one on the beak.”

Jake grinned. “Nobody needs to thank me for that.”

It would be a dirty trick under the circumstances, but
he wondered if he could learn anything from Essie. He
poured another drink for her, pouring one for himself
at the same time, sat down beside her cozily.

--- Page 149 ---
“Essie dear, how was it about Paul March?”

She blinked a little. “What do you mean? You mean
—Paul and me?”

“Well—yes. Paul and you. H’'m?”

“I—don’t know. | knew that Nelle—-but you knew
that too, didn’t you. | thought he was a louse to treat
Nelle the way he did, but he was pretty much on the
make with Paul March’s interests at heart. | did have
a few dates with him. He had a certain appeal.” She
chose her words meticulously, her eyes on the carpet.

“He must have had,” Jake said, and very casually,
“seen him lately?”

She shook her head. “Not for weeks. He went to
lunch with me quite a long time ago and borrowed
some money from me. | guess he was pretty hard up.
And | haven’t seen him since.”

Jake nodded slowly and thoughtfully. “It’s just as
well. I can’t give Paul very much. He’s almost in the
class with your old man.”

“I wouldn’t quite say that, Jake. No. No, riot at all.
Paul knew he could always make friends, he always felt
things were going to be easy for him. He was just plain
spoiled, that’s all. He’d be on the make for some radio
job and get it and do swell stuff for a while, and then
he’d think, ‘What the hell, what’s the use, and then,
boom. Not John. No, he knows people don’t like him
and it hurts worse than his bunions do.”

“I never would have guessed that,” Jake said. “I
thought he didn’t give a damn about anybody.”

She frowned. “He’s unhappy, Jake. A lot of little stuff.
Like his feet. And then he has trouble with his stomach.
Not anything serious, just a nuisance. And he gets heat
rash. And he knows people don’t like him, and just

--- Page 150 ---
thinks and thinks about it, and then he gets mean.”

“lI see,” Jake said inadequately. He was pretty
sure now that Essie St. John didn’t know Paul March
was dead.

“I think he wants to be a great success so that all
the people who don’t like him will wish they did,’
Essie said.

He slipped an arm around her shoulders. “Essie,
why did you marry him?”

“Ildon’t know. | guess because nobody else had ever
asked me as if he meant it. ’'m not very good-looking,
you know. But | do have money. That’s why he wanted
to marry me, but he was smart enough not to let me
know until it was too late.” She stood up wearily and a
trifle unsteadily, adjusting her fur. “Well, I’'m off. Wish
me luck.”

“You’re a brave babe. I'll be looking for Nelle’s love,
notes in the morning.”

She tried to smile. He kissed her good-by very ten-
derly at the door, not especially wanting to, but feeling
that she might like it. Then he watched her marching
down the hall, thinking how superb her figure looked
from the back, and what a shame it was that St. John
didn’t appreciate it.

There was time for a quick shower before he went
to meet Helene. He bathed hurriedly, put on a fresh
suit, and brushed his hair, whistling happily. He stowed
the unopened bottle of rye in his pocket, observed
that an inch was left*in the other one, and poured it
down his throat.

Essie was going to get those letters back, good old
Essie. Malone was nuts. Nobody gave,a hoot who mur-
dered Paul March or Mr. Givvus. Goldman would resign

--- Page 151 ---
the contract with a flourish the night of the broadcast.
Everything was smooth, serene, and settled. Everything
was perfect. And he and Helene were going to be mar-
ried in a few hours.

It was just a great big beautiful world.

--- Page 152 ---
Chapter 22

TAKE FOUND HELENE LISTENING TO A NEW
installment of Molly Coppins’ life story. The evening
was very warm, and she had changed into a dress
that reminded him a little of a cloud, very faintly gray,
almost misty. She greeted him enthusiastically.

“Five more minutes and I’d have married Malone.
What have you been drinking?” : “Rye.”

“I’ve been drinking gin. We’d better think of a com-
promise. While we’re waiting for Malone, let’s go to
Isbell’s for dinner.”

On the way, he told her what Essie had done and
was going to do.

“Marvelous,” she said. “Now as long as nobody finds
out how Mr. Givvus got moved to Lincoln Park, and
Paul March’s body doesn’t turn up, everything is rosy.”

“Somehow | don’t anticipate Paul March’s body
turning up,” he told her. “I’ve an idea St. John has
hidden it pretty carefully.”

“St. John?”

“Who else? | don’t think St. John is a guy who would
buy incriminating letters from some bird, and then take
a chance “on the bird coming back on him for more
dough sometime.”

She sighed. “Wouldn’t it be nice if we could just pin
iton him.”

--- Page 153 ---
“Wouldn’t it be nice if we could just forget the whole
thing,” Jake said. He grinned wryly. “Funny thing.
Nobody likes St. John except possibly St. John. Nothing
would suit us better than to pin Paul March’s murder
on him. We feel sure he’s guilty of it. And damn it, we
can’t do a thing.”

“We can get married,” she said, “though that begins
to seem just about as impossible. Jake, if St. John mur-
dered Paul March, who murdered Mr. Givvus? Surely
not St. John.”

“They’re different parts of two entirely
different things.”

“You’re drunk. Jake, who murdered Mr. Givvus?”

“I’m not sure, but | think it’s part of a gang war.”

“You’re insane. Who murdered Mr. Givvus?”

“If you must know,” he said, “l did. And now shut up
about it until after dinner.”

During dinner they argued the comparative merits
of Erie Street and Jake’s hotel as a place to live. At last
they left the restaurant and drove slowly toward the
lake. A gentle quiet had settled with the darkness over
Chicago’s near-North Side. A few strollers went up and
down Michigan Avenue; on Superior Street people sat
on their door steps, smoking and idly chatting. Half a
dozen children who should have been in bed hours
before played hopscotch under the street lamps. Out
on thestill lake, the lights of a few boats bobbed up and
down. The world was very peaceful and very content.

Jake sighed happily and slid a little closer to
Helene. “Is it the world that’s terrific or just the rye
I’'ve been drinking?”

She said softly, “I've never known which was the real
and which was the dream. Jake, are things real when

--- Page 154 ---
you’re drunk or when you’re sober? Are they real when
you’re asleep or when you’re awake?”

“Quietnessisreal,” hetold her. “Only that. The world
was never as quiet as it is tonight.”

They drove in silence to Oak Street beach, went
around the block, and started back along the Drive.

“In another hour it’ll be time to meet Malone,” Jake
said. “He said he could get us married in Crown Point
any time up to midnight.”

“Pll believe it when we get there,” she said direly.

“Helene, are you sure you want to do it? It must take
a lot of nerve to marry me.”

“It doesn’t take nerve,” she said, “but it does seem
to take time. | wonder how Malone is making out.”

“He’s probably finding out things that Von Flanagan
doesn’t even realize he knows.”

They watched the lights on Navy Pier weaving a
gold-laced veil over the water, finally turned off the
drive onto a dark street lined with smallish factory
buildings and warehouses.

“There’s Tootz’ warehouse,” Jake said, pointing to
a dark, three-story building.

“Where he keeps the hay for his horses?” she asked,
peering at it curiously.

“No, it really is his warehouse. All that was left from
the crash. Somehow he hung onto it.”

She drove on to the end of the street, turned around,
and came slowly back.

“Why isn’t it used for something?”

“I don’t know. Some guy was making experiments
there with a new kind of refrigeration for fruits. Built a
swell freezing chamber, and then went broke and quit.
We gave a party there once.”

--- Page 155 ---
“The kind of party that calls for refrigeration?” she
| asked.

“All of that.” He added a few details.

She slowed down suddenly, as suddenly stopped.

“Jake, if ’'m not mistaken, there’s something going
on there now that calls for refrigeration.”

“What are you talking about?”

“Look.”

He looked in the direction of the warehouse, jumped
i out of the car, ran across the walk, and peered in
through the window. She followed him.

“What is it, Jake?”

“Looks like a fire. Not much of one, but a fire. We’'d
better go in and investigate.”

“We’d better send an alarm.”

“I want to take a look first.”

He rattled the door, finally picked up a stone from
the gutter, broke the window glass, reached his arm
inside, and turned the latch. The door swung open.
Through the darkness they could see a faint reddish
flickering far in the back of the building.

“Helene, please wait here.” . “No. I’'m coming
with you.”

There was no time to stop and argue about it. He
plunged into the darkness of the deserted building,
Helene close behind him. Suddenly a rat scuttled across

their path, and she screamed.

“Afraid of mice!” he flung back at her.

“That was no mouse,” she gasped. “It was a monster.
Three feet long and eyes like balls of fire—Jake!”

“| see it,” he said. Ahead of them the reddish flick-
ering grew higher, brighter.

“No. On the floor!”

--- Page 156 ---
In the faint light they could see that the dust, on
the floor had been disturbed. The trail led through
the cobwebs to a great white door. Jake raced to the
door, tugged at it frantically, it opened a tiny way and
fell shut again. He made one more gasping, desperate
effort and it suddenly opened wide, fell back against
the wall, and stayed there.

The faint reddish light, mingling with a bluish glare
through the dusty windows, poured into a little white
room, errie and strange with its arrangements of odd-
shaped pipes and tubes. Against its glaring whiteness,
the thing on the floor seemed terribly dark. “-In one
swift movement Jake bent forward, turned it over.
He stared at it, forgetting the fire that was crackling
closer now.

“We’ve found Paul March!”

--- Page 157 ---
Chapter 23

THERE WAS THE BODY OF PAUL MARCH ON THE FLOOR,
and there was the fire crackling and spreading. The
thing to do, Jake agreed later, was to go away, drive
away as fast as Helene’s car would go, let the fire
destroy the evidence of some unknown person’s crime.
That was what he thought later. But at the moment,
the thing on the warehouse floor was the body of a
man, and the fire was coming closer. Hardly conscious
of what he was doing, he lifted it from the floor. It was
cold, and terribly hard, like ice. For the first time, he
was aware of the almost obscene coldness of the
refrigerating chamber.

“Jake, what are you going to do?”

“Get this out of here. Race out to the car, drive it into
the alley—quick, Helene.”

She disappeared into the cavernous darkness like
a frightened hare. He lifted the body over his shoul-
der, staggering under its weight. The smoke filled the
warehouse now; choking and gasping, he made his
way to a window on the alley side. As hereached it, he
saw Helene’s long, sleek car turn into the alley, drive
up, and stop.

He leaned the body against the wall while he strug-
gled with the window and finally flung it open. One
cautious look into the darkness of the alley, then he

--- Page 158 ---
lifted the body through the opening, and climbed
after it.

It was then that he began to wonder what he
was doing.

In the distance he could hear the sound of a siren.
Someone else had seen the warehouse fire.

There was no time to spend considering alterna-
tives. Helene opened the door to the back of the car;
Jake stowed the body of Paul March on the floor and
carefully covered it with the rug. Then he climbed in
beside Helene, slammed the door, and the big car
backed down the alley. The wailing sirens were very
close now.

“We should have gone straight ahead and turned
down the other street,” Helene said grimly. “But it’s
too late.”

They reached the corner in time to find it blocked
by fire apparatus. A fireman swore at them irritably
for being in the way. Finally, with no little maneuver-
ing, they were free again. Beyond the comer, Helene
stopped, close to the curb.

“Helene, for the love of heaven, get out of here.”

She switched off the engine. “No. That fireman
noticed the car. If we drive away, he may get suspi-
cious. If we park here and pretend we’re watching the
fire, he’ll forget about it.”

In a more sober moment he might have found a
few flaws in her reasoning, but he could think of none
at the time. He followed her down the street to where
a little crowd had already gathered. The old building
was blazing merrily now; great tongues of flames shot
up into the night sky; dense clouds of smoke veiled the
buildings near by. Now and then firemen appeared

--- Page 159 ---
briefly on the roof and vanished again.

“0Oh boy!” said a young man next to Jake. “She’s
a dandy!”

To the indescribable delight of the crowd, the water
tower came into position and shot foaming ribbonsinto
the upper windows. There was a moment of almost
unbearable excitement when a fireman, overcome
by smoke, was carried down a ladder from the roof.
A woman in the crowd began screaming and was led
away. Picture trucks arrived from the newspapers and
bursts of white light from the photographers’ flash-
lights illumined the burning building. A police squad
car whined dismally around the corners.

Suddenly the roof and part of a wall caved in with
a resounding crash, sending clouds of dust and small
debris to mingle with the smoke. Flames began to
appear at every window, and policemen started moving
the crowd farther away from the. scene.

Without warning, there was a deafening roar, a flood
of blinding light, a few moments of frantic activity. A
moment later a sheet of flame turned the street as
bright as day. In that instant a woman in the crowd
screamed suddenly and clutched at a policeman.

“There she is!” she shrieked, pointing at Helene.
“I saw her here when it started. She’s a pyromaniac. |
heard a man with her say—”

It was the black-haired waitress from Rickett’s.

Helene turned and ran like a deer toward the car.
Jake ran after her with a wild thought of stopping her
and making explanations. But before he could catch up
with her, she had leaped into the front seat and started
the motor. He jumped in beside her and slammed the
door shut just as the big car bounded forward. Looking

--- Page 160 ---
back, he could see the policeman running hopelessly
after them.

“Helene,” he cried, “Helene, you can’t do this—”

She paid no attention. The car raced down the dark
street, swung north for a block, took a corner on two
wheels, another block, and turned onto Michigan
Avenue. In the distance Jake could hear the siren of
the squad car.

“Helene, stop—we can explain—"

She said grimly, “You forget we have a passenger.”

It was very late and Michigan Avenue was almost
deserted. They sped through a stop light, reached the
approach to the bridge. Suddenly ahead of them they
heard bells clanging.

“You can’t make it, the bridge is going up.”

It was only the first warning bell, the barrier at the
bridge was just beginning to move. She put on added
speed, heading straight at the bridge. Someone nearit
ran into the street, waving at her frantically. The wailing
siren was coming nearer now.

In one last burst of speed she crossed the bridge,
missing the last barrier by a hair’s breadth. Jake could
see it settle into place as she sped on down the avenue.

“Just like the movies,” she gasped, “they on one
side of the bridge and we on the other.”

“Helene, you can’t possibly get away—” “Shut up,”
she said, “I’'m trying to think.”

She turned onto a side street, turned again and
drove up an alley, made another turn, and entered
the labyrinth of underground passages known as the
lower level. Skillfully she maneuvered the big carinto
the cavernous street that was directly below Michi-
gan Avenue, and drove straight to the double-decked

--- Page 161 ---
bridge. It was still up, and she paused at the barrier.

“When the bridge goes down, they’ll be crossing
south on the top of it,” she said, “and we’ll be crossing
north on the bottom. Not bad, eh? A neat trick.”

“A neat trick,” Jake repeated angrily, “and then
what? By this time a description of you and of this car
is going out over the police radio into every squad car
in the city.”

“I'd leave the car somewhere,” she said thoughtfully,
“but they’d find it and find the passenger.”

A boat whistled mournfully passing the bridge, and
went on down the Chicago River. The bridge began to
go down, slowly, importantly, majestically; finally, it
settled into place with a little shiver. The bell clanged
for another moment while the barrier lifted.

As they drove across, they could hear the police siren
wailing above them.

“What are you going to do?”

“Keep driving on streets the squad cars haven’t even
heard about,” she told him.

She turned into a dark, deserted passage just
beyond the bridge, drove west a few blocks, turned
north again. There was not another car in sight; the
street was lined with unlighted factory buildings.

“Jake, I’'ve got to have a drink.”

In the semidarkness he could see how pale she was.
He remembered the bottle of rye, uncapped it, and
held it to her lips.

“Jake, who took him there, and why? And what are
we going to do with him?”

“I don’t know. He’s our story and we’re stuck
with him.”

“Who would have known about the

--- Page 162 ---
refrigerating room?”

“I knew, and Nelle, of course, and Tootz, and every-
body connected with the show. You see, last year, just
about this time, we gave a party for the cast. It was
hotter than the hinges of hell, and somebody thought
of what a bright idea it would be to throw the party in
the old abandoned warehouse, with the refrigerating
device going. It worked swell.”

“But why take him there?”

“Can you think, offhand, of a better place?”

She thought for a moment. “Outside of a park
bench, no.”

Again he held the bottle to her lips.

“He’s an ingenious devil,” she remarked at last.

“Who?” Jake asked a little stupidly.

“St. John, of course. Who else?”

It was his turn to be silent.

“There can’t be any doubt but what St. John shot
him,” she said after a while. “You said so yourself. And
the person who shot him must have been the person
who moved the body. The question in my mind is, why
did he bother to move it?”

“He didn’t want the body to be found,” Jake said
slowly, “because then his possession of the letters
would automatically point to him as March’s murderer.
He was counting on the fact that everybody would
believe March had left Chicago, and nobody would
know about the murder.”

“Then why not just dispose of the body so that it
wouldn’t be found?”

“Ever try disposing of a body so it won’t be found?”
Jake asked. “It isn’t as easy as it sounds. Besides, he
might have had a reason for wanting the body where

--- Page 163 ---
he could produce it.”

“Why, Jake?”

“So that if anything happened to the letters that
were his hold over Nelle, he could use Paul March’s
murder for the same purpose.”

She shivered.

“It was a perfect place to hide the body,” Jake said
thoughtfully. “And naturally St. John would know about
it, having been at the party. It would be easy as pie to
break into the building, and not a Chinaman’s chance
that anybody would blunder in and discover it. We
never would have, if the place hadn’t caught on fire.”

She said very slowly, “By this time Essie has swiped
the letters. Essie is away from home, and she told you
the maid was away for the night. St. John is still deep
in a drugged sleep.”

“Helene, just what do you propose doing?”

The big car leaped forward in a sudden burst
of speed.

“We’re going to take the body up to St. John’s house
and leave it with him,” she said happily. “It’ll just be our
own little present to him, yours and mine!”

--- Page 164 ---
Chapter 24

BUT YOU CAN’T DO THAT,” JAKE SAID IN A DAZED VOICE.
“It’s wrong. It’s—it’s arson.” “You’ve got the wrong
crime,” she told him. “That’s what they’re chasing
me for.”

“Well damn it,” he said, “anyway it’s illegal.”

“So is driving around with a murder victim in the
back of the car,” Helene observed.

He could find no answer to that one.

“Besides,” she said after a pause, “it’s dangerous.
Driving around, | mean.”

“True,” Jake agreed. “But suppose St. John
didn’t murder Paul March,” he said after a little
serious thought.

“Have you the faintest shadow of a doubt about
it?” Helene asked.

“Well,” Jake said reflectively, “well, no.”

She said, “You’d better take a drink.”

“That’s the first really good idea you’ve had,”
Jake said.

“Where does St. John live?” she asked, a few
blocks later.

He told her, adding, “But suppose someone catches
us in the act of presenting St. John with a frozen stiff.
A stiff, frozen stiff,” he muttered after a little pause.

“You didn’t think of that when you presented Lincoln

--- Page 165 ---
Park with the late Mr. Givvus,” she said irritably.

That was when Jake gave up the argument.

“I hope this fixes St. John’s wagon once and for all,”
she said virtuously. “It’s not that | object to his going
around murdering people, but I’'m getting tired of driv-
ing the victims around.”

She drove north through an intricate maze of dark
and deserted streets, miraculously escaped becoming
hopelessly lost, and finally turned into the street where
St. John lived. It was quiet and very peaceful. Half a
dozen cars were parked in front of buildings here and
there, but there were few lights, little motion.

“There’s the house, Helene.”

The big car slid noiselessly up the driveway, and
stopped beside the back porch. Jake stole softly up
the steps and tried the door. It was unlocked.

“Where would be a good place to put it?”
Helene whispered.

“Somewhere so that the maid will be the one to find
him, inthe morning. It would be better if someone else
rather than St. John discovered the body.”

“In the kitchen, then.”

Jake looked up and down the street, saw that no
one was in sight. Carefully and very quietly, he carried
the body of Paul March up the back steps, across the
narrow porch, and into the kitchen. On a sudden inspi-
ration he propped it up beside the kitchen door so that
it would fall across the floor the instant the door was
opened. Then he closed the door silently, and tiptoed
back to the car.

“Drive away as quietly as you can.”

She backed the car very slowly and gingerly down
the driveway, almost without sound.

--- Page 166 ---
“Helene, stop a minute.”

She obeyed. He laid one hand on her shoulder and
pointed toward a lighted window. Through it they could
see John St. John, huddled in an easy chair before his
radio. In the still night, they could hear the faint sound
of dance music coming from the loudspeaker.

“All right—drive on.”

She turned out of the driveway and into the dimly
lighted street. Jake laughed a little bitterly.

“What amuses you?”

“I was thinking of St. John, imagining that he has
Nelle’s letters in his pocket, Paul March’s body safely
hidden away where it will never be found, and every-
thing all serene. Picture him waking up tomorrow to
find that the letters are gone, heaven knows how or
where, and the maid coming in saying, ‘ ‘Scuse me fo’
disturbin’ you, Mist’ St. John, but they’s a daid man in
the kitchen.” “

“Your blackface accentis terrible,” she commented.
“Picture Essie St. John finding out that St. John has
gone to the jug, and she won’t have to live with him
any more. Picture Nelle finding out that the letters are
out of the way. Jake, do you feel like a boy scout?”

“I feel like a troop of boy scouts.”

“IPm beginning to feel like a fugitive,” she said med-
itatively. “What are we going to do about all these
policemen looking for me?”

He swore irritably. “I’d forgotten that for the
moment.” He was silent, thinking fast. “The first thing
is to get rid of the car. This fancy gas buggy of yours
can be spotted a mile away.”

“So if you think I’'m going to sink it in the lake,
you’re crazy.”

--- Page 167 ---
“Don’t interrupt me. | know a garage where it’ll be
safe. Know the garage man.” He gave her the address,
near Lincoln Park.

“I hate to do this,” she said. “I feel like a lost child
without the car.”

“You’ll get it back in a day or so. Malone can
straighten this out for you. As I’'ve said before, what
have we got a lawyer for?”

She drove to the address Jake had given her, parked
the carin an alley while he went in to make arrange-
ments. A few minutes later he returned, accompanied
by a heavy-set man in overalls who nodded to Helene
and slid into the driver’s seat. She rescued a package of
hairpins and the remains of Jake’s bottle of rye from the
side pocket and watched forlornly while the overalled
man drove the car into the darkened garage.

“It’ll be safe there,” he consoled her. “He’ll never
let anyone find it as long as the police are out looking
forit.”

“How did you explain things to him?”

“I told him you’d just assisted in the hijacking of a
truck and the cops had gotten a description of the car.”

“Thoughtful of you.”

“Now we stop at a drugstore and phone Nelle.”

They stopped at the first corner. He called Nelle’s
apartment; no one answered.

“Must be Bigges’ night off,” he commented. “But |
can find Nelle.” He thought for a moment, called Baby,
found that Nelle was there, and got her on the phone.

“I can’t say anything over the phone,” he told her,
“but | wanted you to know all your troubles are over.”

“Jake, are you drunk?” she asked over the wire.

“That’s beside the point. Your property, if you know

--- Page 168 ---
what | mean, has been safely recovered from a gentle-
man that it didn’t belong to.”

“Oh, darling!”

“Don’t call me darling,” he said righteously. “Helene
can hear you. Furthermore, another object that was
lost has been found, and a crime that was committed
will be blamed on the individual who committed it.”

“You talk like a swami,” she complained.

He caroled happily into the phone. “Way down upon
the swamiriver,” and said hastily, “Don’t hang up, | just
wanted to warn you to be surprised when you read the
morning newspapers.”

“What are you going to do now?”

“I’m going to get married. Good-by.” He hung up,
called Malone’s hotel, was told that the little lawyer
was notin his room norin the lobby, though a bellhop
remembered seeing him sitting in the lobby earlier in
the evening.

He looked at his watch. It was nearly three hours past
the time when he had promised to meet Malone. He
joined Helene at the newscounter, found her reading an
account of the chase of a blond woman believed to be
a pyromaniac. According to the paper, the woman’s car
had last been seen on Michigan Avenue, going south,
and was believed headed for Hammond, Indiana.

“Nice, fast work,” he said admiringly, “both by the
papers and by ourselves, though heaven knows why
everything gets blamed on Hammond.”

“Heaven knows why everything gets blamed on me,”
she complained.

He looked at her. The pale gray dress was dusty and
stained, a cobweb clung to the deep gray wrap. Her hair
was pleasantly disheveled; there was a small smudge

--- Page 169 ---
of dirt across her beautiful nose.

“Your face is dirty and you look like hell, but I still
love you. Let’s get out of here and into a taxi.”

They found a taxi near Lincoln Park, gave the driver
the Erie Street address. As they neared the building,
a police car passed them, driving slowly. Jake tapped
on the glass partition.

“Let us out in the alley. Her husband doesn’t know
she’s out.”

The driver nodded sympathetically, turned up’ the
alley, and let them out near the rear of the building.

“Jake, can you get me in safely?”

“I think so. There’s any number of ways of getting
into this place.”

He helped her over a board fence, across a narrow
back yard, and through a door that led into the base-
ment. They went a little cautiously past a coalbin
and through a furnace room to a narrow flight of
wooden stairs.

“Better let me go first to smell out the way. The place
might be crawling with cops.”

He tiptoed to the top of the stairs. No one was in
the halls; the building was quiet and deserted. He
motioned to Helene to follow him. There was a light
showing faintly above Molly’s door, he rapped softly.

“Come in,” Molly called.

He led Helene into the room. Molly was sitting by
the window, talking with a plump, brunette girl who
was dressed lightly and simply in a bright-colored
cotton kimono.

“This is Rose,” Molly said by way of introduction.
“She couldn’t sleep and came down to talk to me. My
God, what’s happened to you? Do you know the police

--- Page 170 ---
are looking for you?”

“Know it!” Jake said bitterly.

Helene sank into a chair.

Jake told the story of his unfortunate remark in Rick-
ett’s, explained that they had innocently gone to watch
what looked like a good fire, and gave a few details of
the subsequent chase. The plump brunette seemed
to find it amusing.

“Thank God it’s nothing worse!” Molly said with feel-
ing. “The cops have been all over this place. Someone
told them she lived here. They looked at everybody in
the building, and made a note of all the apartments
where the occupant was out, and said they’d be back
later. In fact,” she said very calmly, looking out the
window, “they are back.”

Helene turned pale. “Oh God. All that chasing
around for nothing!”

“Nothing, my eye!” Molly said indignantly. She rose
very leisurely, and said, “Rose, you go up in 215 and get
into this young lady’s bed. Look as if you lived there.
And you two—" She looked at them speculatively for
the barest moment, and opened a doorthatled into a
little linen closet. “Get in there and keep quiet.”

The plump brunette ran through the door and down
the hall with surprising speed and agility. Molly Coppins
shoved Jake and Helene into the little linen closet, shut
the door, locked it, and withdrew the key.

“Hope she doesn’t forget where she hides the key,”
Jake whispered. He put his arms around Helene and
held her close, realized that she was shivering from
head to foot, and patted her comfortingly.

They could hear a thunderous knock at the door.

“I’'m coming,” Molly called crossly.

--- Page 171 ---
There was the sound of an opening door, a brief
babble of voices in the distance, voices that grew
slowly fainter, and then silence for a very long time.
They stood waiting in the stuffy darkness, clinging to
each other, hardly daring to breathe.

Then there were the voices again, coming to a slow
crescendo outside Molly’s door and fading once more
into a silence disturbed a moment later by the faint
wailing of a police siren that was, in its turn, swallowed
up by the’ quiet night. Molly unlocked and opened the
door. They stood for a minute blinking at the light.

“It’s all over,” Molly told them. “They wanted to
look in 215 because it was empty when they were here
before, and it looked like a woman lived there. It’s all
right. They won’t look there again.”

“Why not?” Jake asked, one arm around Helene.

The fat woman chuckled. “Rose peeled off her
kimono and was in bed when they knocked. She didn’t
answer the door and | unlocked it for them. She sat
bolt upright in bed, mother naked, and cursed us out
for waking her. Boy, did she give those cops an earful!”
She chuckled again. “I bet they’re blushing yet. They
still think their blond firebug lives in the building,
but they won’t look in 215 again. You’ll be safe there,
Miss Brand.”

Jake looked at Helene. She was very pale, swaying
ever so little. He picked her up like a child.

“Help me get her to bed, Molly. She’s all in.”

“And no wonder,” Molly said sympathetically.

Jake carried her up the stairs; Molly helped her to
undress and tucked herin bed. Jake washed the soot
from her face and hands, and patted the covers up
under her chin. She lay there like an exhausted child.

--- Page 172 ---
“Poor little thing,” Molly said, adding, “too bad she’s
so tired, Jake. This would be a wonderful time to get
up a party.”

Jake looked up at the windows, saw just a faint gray
light coming through. He reached down and patted
Helene’s cheek, she opened her eyes for a moment
and smiled at him.

“You may have forgotten it,” he told her, “but this
was the night we were going to go to Crown Point and
get married!”

“One of the nights,” said Helene, and was asleep
before Jake could answer.

--- Page 173 ---
Chapter 25

TAKE INQUIRED AT THE HOTEL DESK FOR JOHN J.
Malone, was told that the little lawyer had comein a
few hours before and gone up to his room. He looked at
his watch, riding up in the elevator, and reflected that
this was an ungodly hour to wake anyone. Still, what
was the use of having a lawyer if you couldn’t wake
him up before dawn to get you out of a jam. Especially
a jam like this one.

The door to Malone’s room was ajar. The lawyer
was fast asleep in a chair by the window, a little ava-
lanche of cigar ashes on his vest. Jake shook him
into wakefulness.

“What the hell?” Malone said, blinking, “what the
hell? Where did you go? | waited here an hour or so,
and then | drove to Erie Street and couldn’t find you,
so | stopped to watch a fire for a while, and came
back here.”

“That was our fire,” Jake said proudly, “too bad you
didn’t stick around longer.”

He told Malone of the pursuit of Helene.

“Justour luck,” he finished, “that damned waitress
saw Helene and me around the place.”

“What were you doing there, for the love of God?”

“Carrying Paul March’s body out, so we could take it
up to St. John’s house,” Jake said, lighting a cigarette

--- Page 174 ---
and snapping the match toward the wastebasket.

The lawyer bounded to his feet, wide-awake now.

“Jake Justus, you’re drunk.”

“That may be,” Jake agreed, “and it’s been said ear-
lier tonight, too, but I know what I’'m talking about.”

Malone paced the floor a minute or so. “I might have
known better than to let you two wander around alone,
even for an hour or two. It’'s God’s mercy you didn’t
think of dynamiting the city hall. Did you really find
Paul March’s body, and how did you do it, and where
was it, and where is it now?”

“We really did, and it was in the freezing chamber of
the old warehouse, and right now it’s leaning against
the door of John St. John’s kitchen.”

He added the details of the night’s adventures.

Malone stared out the window, biting savagely at
a cigar. “It would have been simpler if you’d just gone
ahead and gotten married, as you originally intended.”

“How was | to know?” Jake asked innocently.

“God only knows what’s going to happen now,”
Malone said gloomily, sinking into a chair. He looked
at Jake. “You’d better get some sleep.”

“Hell, I can sleep anytime. How are we going to
get Helene out of this mess? It’s my fault in the first
place, and that doesn’t make me feel any better about
it either.”

“For two cents,” Malone said irritably, “for two
cents I’d drop the whole thing and let you get her out
of it yourself”

“Filthy moneygrubber,” said Jake admiringly. “What
are you going to do, Malone?”

The lawyer sighed deeply. “Oh hell, I'll fix it up. But
Helene will have to lie low until | do. The police captain

--- Page 175 ---
at the Chicago Avenue station is a friend of mine. He
knows you two, as you might have remembered. I’ll tell
him how it happened, and get the whole thing dropped.
Now get some sleep.”

“What’s going to happen when the body Is discov-
ered tomorrow? Paul March’s body?”

“Hell will pop,” Malone said darkly. “I hope to God
your pal Essie was able to get away with those letters.”

“I hope so too,” Jake said. “I should have gone in
and made sure, but | was too afraid of waking the guy.”
He yawned and stretched. “Maybe you’re right. Maybe
I’d better go home and get some sleep.”

“Maybe you’d better stay right where you are,”
Malone told him. “The police might have a description
of the blond pyromaniac’s companion. You wouldn’t
be able to get much sleep in the jailhouse.”

Jake said wearily, “I guess not.” He walked to the
window and looked out. Grant Park was misty and
mysterious in the vapors that rolled in from the lake.
Like Helene’s dress, he thought. Cloud color. Beyond
the lake a faint line of rose marked where the sun was
going to rise in a few minutes.

“This looks like a good day for getting married,” he
said. He stretched again and lay down on the bed. “Is
there a drink in the house?”

Malone unearthed a bottle of gin from under a pile
of shirts, and poured some into a glass. Jake drank
it gratefully.

“My God, I’'m tired. Malone, you don’t think St.
John’s implication in the Paul March murder is going
to involve Nelle, do you?”

“How the hell would I know?” the lawyer growled,
pulling off his shirt. “You go to sleep. I’'m going to take

--- Page 176 ---
a shower and get some breakfast and go find out
about things.”

“Wouldn’t it be one hell of a note if St. John hadn’t
really shot the guy?”

“Wouldn’tit,” Malone said Coldly.

“Well, you can’t expect me to think of everything.
| don’t like St. John anyway. If he didn’t do it, let him
prove it.”

“Shut up and go to sleep.”

The lawyer went into the bathroom and slammed
the door.

The sound of the shower running made a pleasant
accompaniment to Jake’s thoughts. Scenes floated
before his mind in unordered succession: Helene, the
broadcast, the bruise on Essie St. John’s shoulder,
Helene, the moment when they had crossed ,the bridge
one shuddering second before the barrier fell, lines of
dialogue from next week’s script, Helene again.

He slept.

Hours later he woke, looked around him, tried to
remember what had happened and why he was sleep-
ing on Malone’s bed with all his clothes on. Something
strange, something far from normal, had happened to
his head. He wondered what it could have been, and if
he would ever feel the same again.

He reached for the telephone, inquired about the
time. It was half-past eleven. He laid down the tele-
phone, wondering why he hadn’t simply looked at
his watch.

One by one the events of the past night came back to
his mind. He sat up and swung his long legs to the floor,
watched the floor tilt sideways, spin a little, tremble,
and settle back to normal. It was a little unnerving.

--- Page 177 ---
If Malone had any gin left, a drink would either make
him feel better or worse.

Ten minutes later he decided that it had made him
feel decidedly better.

Again he picked up the telephone, and called Molly
Coppins. She reported that Helene was still sleeping
soundly and that she would not, under any circum-
stances, let anyone bother her, including Jake Justus.

He helped himself to Malone’s razor, shaved, and
took a shower. He was just tying the mildest of Malone’s
neckties, his own being beyond repair, when the lawyer
walked into the room. . “Everything fixed up?” he asked.

“No,” the lawyer said sourly. “Everything isin a mess.
Perhaps this will be a lesson to you. Perhaps this will
teach you to let well enough alone. | doubt it, but |
can’t help hoping it will.”

“Have the police arrested St. John for murder yet?”

“No. And they won’t. Not now, or at any future time.”

Jake spun around. “Why the hell not?”

“Because St. John is dead,” Malone said, tossing a
folded newspaper on the dresser. “Because someone
shot St. John last night.”

“Malone, for the love of God!”

“This morning the St. John maid walked in the back
door, knocked over Paul March’s body, and was scared
out of seven years’ growth. In the living room the radio
was blatting away with some good-morning-cheer-up
program. She rushed into the living room and there sat
St. Johnin front of the radio, a bullet through his bean.”

“Malone,” Jake said desperately, “Malone, he must
have been dead when we were there last night.”

He picked up the paper. Asmudged and unflattering
picture of John St. John adorned the front page.

--- Page 178 ---
Double Slaying In
Radio Executive’s Home

Director Found Shot to Death Beside Radio Set

Jake glanced hastily through the story. The police,
it seemed, were somewhat puzzled by the condition
of Paul March’s body. He wondered how much it had
thawed out before they arrived. The police had likewise
fixed the time of the murder at some hour before mid-
night. This had been decided when it was found that
the radio set was turned to a station which went off the
air at twelve. Smart of them, he thought.

Another headline caught his eye.

Blond Pyromaniac Sought by Police

“Malone, what have you done about this damned
mess Helene isin?”

“Nothing yet. | can’t be everywhere at once, and this
St. John murder comes first. I’d rather get you out of a
murder rap than an arson charge.”

Jake remembered something very suddenly.
“Malone! The letters. Nelle’s letters. Did Essie get them
before the murder?”

“Before the murder, or after it, or at the time of it,”
Malone said. “At least the police didn’t find them in
his pocket—I was able to learn that much, anyway. So
| stopped at your hotel to find out if she’d left them for
you, and she hadn’t. But | learned that announcer, Bob
Bruce, has been trying to reach you since four o’clock
this morning. You’d better call him right away.”

Jake stared at him. “Bob Bruce? Why does he want

--- Page 179 ---
to get in touch with me?”

“Probably wants to confess to the murders, and
thinks you have a sympathetic face,” the lawyer said
crossly. “Why don’t you call him up and find out?”

Jake picked up the telephone and called Bob Bruce.

“Oh thank God,” the announcer said, his smooth,
overtrained voice harsh and desperate. “Get over here
right away, will you? I can’t tell you over the phone. But
there’s one hell of a jam.”

“Wait, Bob. Let me bring Malone with me. Malone,
the lawyer. You know him.”

“Lord yes. He’s just the man we need. But hurry, will
you? This is an awful mess!”

--- Page 180 ---
Chapter 26

BOB BRUGE’S APARTMENT WAS ON THE TOP FLOOR
of a building only a few blocks north of-Erie Street,
overlooking the lake. The handsome young announcer,
his face pale with anxiety and loss of sleep, ushered
them into a large living room that was a confused
horror of modernistic furniture and paintings.

Essie St. John sat near the window on a contortion
of chromium-plated gas pipe and pink leather.

“Fancy meeting you here!” Jake said pleasantly.

She had the appearance of one who has been hold-
ing back hysteria for unnumbered hours. At the sound
of Jake’s voice she immediately burst into frantic tears.

“Essie, please, darling, please, Essie,” Bob Bruce
said, kneeling beside her.

She buried her face in her hands, shaking from
head to foot. In a minute, Jake saw, she would
begin screaming.

“Bob, where’s the bathroom?”

“In there.”

Jake soaked a towel in ice water, shoved Essie’s head
back against his arm, and slapped her gently with the
towel until she grew quiet. He could hear Malone out
in the kitchen, making noises that indicated coffee
was being made.

“Oh Jake,” she said weakly. “I’m terribly sorry. |

--- Page 181 ---
just couldn’t helpit. 've been trying not to for so long
and then all of a sudden you were here and | couldn’t
help it.”

“Don’t apologize,” he said. “I often have that effect
on people.” He sponged her face with the towel, lit
a cigarette, and held it to her mouth. “You’d better
powder your nose.”

She managed a faint and unconvincing smile.

“Now take a long breath and tell me what hap-
pened,” he said very calmly.

“Bob, you tell him. I can’t. | can’t talk about it.”

Bob Bruce wrinkled his good-looking face into an
appalling scowl. “Jake, it’s a mess. A terrible mess.”

“You told me that over the phone, and I’ll take your
word for it. What happened?”

“Well—last night Essie told me what she was going to
do. You know what | mean. We—I—we had a date. Never
mind that. Anyway, she told me. About the letters, and
how she was going to get them. It’s all right— her telling
me, | mean. She knew she could trust me.”

“Yes, yes, yes, yes,” Jake said, “but go on.”

“Well, I wasn’t going to let her go out there alone.
Hardly. So | drove her out there. We went around the
back way. Through the window we could see St. John,
slumped over in his chair. | waited in my car and Essie
went in by the back door.”

“Jake,” she interrupted in a little wail, “Jake,
there wasn’t anything in the kitchen. Not anything. |
don’t understand—”"

“Never mind,” Jake said hastily, “tell the rest of it.”

Malone, standing in the doorway, signaled him to
keep his mouth shut. He nodded almost imperceptibly.

“I went into the living room, and Jake—"

--- Page 182 ---
She stopped.

“Go on, Essie.”

“He was dead,” she said in a voice like a
whispered scream.

Jake lit a cigarette very deliberately, counted five to
himself, and said, “He was dead when you got there?

“Yes. Yes, he was. | ran out to the car and told Bob.
Then | thought about the letters. | thought about
someone finding them, the police or someone. So |
went back.”

He stared at her in amazement.

“Iwent back and—felt in his pocket—in all his pock-
ets, Jake.”

“Good God, Essie!” He looked at her admiringly.

“Jake, they weren’t there. They weren’t anywhere.
Someone took them.”

There was a long, terrible silence.

“I guess the coffee’s done,” Malone said at last. He
went into the kitchen, returned with cups and the
coffee pot, poured out coffee, and passed it around.
No one spoke.

“Oh Jake,” Essie said frantically, setting down her
cup. “Who shot him? Who shot Paul March and how
did his body get there? Who took the letters and where
are they? What are we going to do? Oh Jake, what are
we going to do?”

Jake crushed out his cigarette. “Essie, | don’t know
who shot who, or why, and | don’t know where the let-
ters are. Let Malone and me worry about those things.
Butif you had courage enough to go back in that room
last night, you’ve got the courage to do what you’ve
got to do now.” He thought for a moment. “Will your
sister have had sense enough—”"

--- Page 183 ---
Bob Bruce spoke up. “I phoned her just before you
got here. | just said, ‘Do you know where Essie is?’ She
knew what | meant, and she said that Essie had been
there all night, and was sleeping. She said no one had
tried to. locate her out there yet, but that if anyone did,
she’ll tell them Essie was sleeping.”

“Good,” Jake said, “evidently the whole family
thinks on its feet. Where’s your car, Bob?”

“Parked right around the corner, on Pearson Street.”

“All right. You drive Essie out to her sister’s. Pray that
no one gets a look at her on the way. Then get away
from there as fast as you can and spend the rest of the
day giving the impression you don’t know a thing about
this. Essie, you and your sister make double sure that
alibi of yours is foolproof. And then, by God, you take
a sedative and get into bed. Take something that will
keep you asleep all day. | don’t imagine you had any
sleep last night.”

She shook her head. “I’'ve just been sitting here by
the window, trying to think, and finally all I could think
of was for Bob to find you.”

“Well, you stay asleep all day. I’ll send a doctor
friend of mine out to see you late this afternoon, and
he’ll give you something to make you keep on sleeping,
and he’ll announce to the police that you’re in a state
of complete collapse, not fit to be questioned. By the
time they do get to question you, either you’ll have your
nerves in good shape so you can stand up under it, or
the murderer will have been found and it won’t matter.”

“All right, Jake.” She drew a long, shuddering breath.
“Plldo just as you say.”

“Good girl.” He patted her shoulder.

Malone spoke up from his post by the doorway.

--- Page 184 ---
“Jake’s advice is good, and be sure you follow it. But,
just between ourselves, and just, to keep the record
clear, did you shoot him?”

She looked up, wide-eyed. “No.”

Bob Bruce said angrily, “Of course she didn’t.”

“Don’t mind me,” Malone said. “I don’t care. | was
just curious. But if the whole story comes out, your
part of it is going to look fishy as hell.”

Essie St. John spoke slowly and deliberately, “No, |
didn’t shoot him. But so many times I’'ve wished | had
nerve enough to do it. Now he’s dead and I’m free. |
can’t believe it.”

Bob Bruce knelt beside her again, putan arm around
her gently. “You’ll believe it in time. The whole thing
is going to seem like a nightmare that’s all done with.
And when it’s all over and forgotten, and we’re mar-
ried, perhaps | can make you happy enough to make
up for all of it.”

“Well, well,” Jake said, “what a wonderful time for
«a proposal.”

No one paid any attention to him. Least of all, Essie
St. John. She stared at the young announcer. “But Bob.
You mean you really want to marry me?”

“Of course | do, you nitwit,” Bob said almost crossly.
“I’ve been in love with you for weeks—months—hell,
I’ve been in love with you forever.”

“But Bob,” she said again. “But I’'m so—homely!”
Tears trembled in her eyes again.

“Don’t be such asap,” he said, and this time his voice
was really cross. “You’re the most beautiful woman |
ever saw, and you know it.”

Jake could tell that he meant it from the bottom
of his heart.

--- Page 185 ---
“Very pretty,” Malone said, “and for the love of
God get out of here and on your way.” His voice was
unexpectedly gentle.

Out on the sidewalk, Jake said to Malone, “That
reminds me, I’m going to be married myself. Do you
think we can make it today?”

“I doubtit,” Malone said. “At least, your bride-to-be
has to stay hidden out until | get this arson charge off
her neck.” He sighed. “Arson, body snatching, obstruc-
tion of justice, falsifying evidence, and resisting arrest.
Resisting an officerin the attempt to do his duty —hell,
a whole squad car full of officers.”

“Not only that,” Jake said, “Helene also drove
through a stop light.”

“All she has to do now is slap a policeman,’ the
lawyer said gloomily, “and she’ll get life.”

“Malone, who shot St. John?”

“Idon’t know, but | hope his wife didn’t. That looks
like the start of a beautiful romance.”

“She said she didn’t shoot him,” Jake observed.
“Don’t you believe her?”

“I never believe anybody,” Malone said sourly. “I
always expect peopleto lieto me. That’s how | always
know exactly where | stand.”

“Just assuming for the moment that Essie is telling
the truth,” Jake began.

Malone interrupted him. “By a strange coincidence,
at least| hopeit’s a coincidence, the person who bene-
fits most by the death of Paul March and by the death
of Mr. Givvus and now by the death of John St. John is
none other than Nelle Brown.”

“Malone, you can’t think she’s guilty of murder.”

“Leave what I think out of this. | only hope the police

--- Page 186 ---
don’t think sheis.”

“Damn it,” Jake said crossly, “they can’t.”

“Who are you to tell what the police can or can’t
do?” Malone said. “Hope for the best and keep your
fingers crossed. And now, for the love of God, let’s
have breakfast.”

--- Page 187 ---
Chapter 27

THEY WALKED TO ERIE STREET, FOUND HELENS AWAKE,
and while Malone went to the corner delicatessen for
breakfast materials, Jake told her all that had been
happening. By the time he had finished, it was one in
the afternoon, and Malone had breakfast on the table.

“There’s a certain austere simplicity about this mur-
derer that I’'m beginning to enjoy,” the lawyer said,
buttering a piece of toast.

“Simplicity!” Helene said indignantly.

“You heard me,” Malone said. “There’s no nonsense
about him. No obscure poisons, no time bombs, no
mysterious messages pinned on the wall. He wants
somebody out of the way, so he just walks in and
shoots him.”

“You’re right about the simplicity,” Jake said. “We’re
the ones who seem to complicate everything.”

“In the case of Paul March,” Malone went on, “the
murderer came to his apartment, sensibly picked a
time when the radio program coming through the
loud-speaker would cover the sound of the shot, and
shot March neatly through the forehead. Then when
he decided to murder Givvus, he went into the client’s
room at a time when The Rider of the Rockies was fill-
ing the air with racket, and tidily shot Mr. Givvus just
behind the right ear. And last night, he evidently waited

--- Page 188 ---
till St. John was alone, calmly walked in the house—”

“There weren’t any shot-and-shell programs on
the air last night,” Helene said. “I looked through the
program listings.”

“Just the same,” Malone told her, “I'd be willing
to place a small bet that our murderer picked a good
noisy program and turned St. John’s loud-speaker
on full when he fired the shot. Patterns tend to
repeat themselves.”

“There’s one pattern | hope doesn’t go on repeat-
ing itself,” Jake said gloomily. “Helene and me driving
bodies around the streets of Chicago.”

“l could mention another,” Helene .said. “You and
me trying to get married.”

“Don’t be discouraged,” Malone said. “l once knew
a couple who were engaged for eleven years.”

“I never believed in long engagements,” Jake said.
“Malone, what happened out there last night?”

“l don’t know,” Malone said, “but three murders,
if committed by the same person, ought to be easier
to solve than one.” He sighed deeply. “The thing that
bothers me about these damned murders is that they
all benefit Nelle Brown. This glamour-pants Paul March
was blackmailing her. Somebody shot him. The guy
Givvus was trying to get his hands on her show. Some-
body shot him. John St. John had a copy of the Paul
March letters and conceivably knew about the Paul
March murder. Somebody shot him. The inference,”
he said, stirring his coffee violently, “is obvious. Too
obvious, in fact, for me to credit.”

“You mean it looks so much as if she had shot
all three of them that you don’t think she did?”
Helene inquired.

(CI

--- Page 189 ---
Malone sighed again. “But the only indication of her
innocence is that she says she didn’tdo it.”

“That’s enough for me,” Jake said.

“You aren’t a jury,” Malone reminded him. “You
aren’t the public. But assuming it wasn’t Nelle, and that
protecting her was the motive, who thought enough
of her to murder three guys for her?”

“Any God’s number of people,” Jake said.

“How about Baby?” Malone asked.

“He didn’t like Paul March,” Jake said slowly, “and
he knew about Nelle’s affair with Paul. He might have
known March was trying to blackmail her. In fact
-anybody who stole Nelle’s script last week might
have known it. He had the opportunity. When | called
him on the phone that night, he was alone, and his
apartment is only a few blocks from here. He could
have nipped over here, shot March, and nipped back
again. In the case of Givwus—He would have had to
know all that St. John was trying to do, to have had
any motive for murdering the man. Even then, would
he have shot Mr. Givvus just so that St. John couldn’t
sell him a program?”

“Men have been murdered for less,” Malone said.

“He was at the studios,” Jake went on. “He says he
was taking, a nap in the announcer’s room. He would
have known that The Rider of the Rockies was on, with
allits gunfire effects. And last night—" He paused. “Last
night, of course, the motive would have been to get
Nelle’s letters back from St. John, if he knew St. John
had them. As far as we know, he had ample oppor-
tunity last night.” He scowled. “Motive a little weak
perhaps, but opportunity one hundred per cent in all
three cases.”

--- Page 190 ---
“Of course,” Helene pointed out, “it’s still possible
that none of these murders had anything to do with
Nelle Brown.”

“Possible but improbable,” Malone said, “and it’s
been my experience that while impossible things
happen frequently, improbable ones never do.”

Jake was paying no attention. “You can take
the name of almost anyone on the show,” he said
slowly, “and apply the motive of getting Nelle out of
a nasty jam.”

“Even going as far as murder?” Helene
asked incredulously.

“As far and even farther,” Jake told her. “There isn’t
a person on the show who doesn’t damn near worship
Nelle. In the first place, no one can help liking her, you
know that yourself, of course. But it’s more than that.
Thereisn’t one person on that show Nelle hasn’tdone
some very swell thing for.

“Baby, of course, is crazy about her,” he went on.
“Oscar—he gotin avery bad way a year or so ago; Nelle
sent him through an alcoholic cure, lent him money, got
him back on his feet again. Lou Silver—Nelle got him
out of an unpleasant blackmailish jam with a dame.
Bob Bruce was practically on his uppers and couldn’t
get a job to save his life, when Nelle fought, bled, and
all but died to get him on her show. She straightened
out a hellish mess between Mclvers and his wife. When
Schultz’ kid was in the hospital with a serious oper-
ation, Nelle put up the money. There’s other stuff |
could tell you, and probably a lot more | don’t know
about. Add that to the person Nelle is. See? When she
smashed up over Paul March last winter, everybody
on the show suffered damn near as much as she did.

--- Page 191 ---
Commit murder for her? Hell’s bells, any one of that
crew would be murdered for her.”

“A beautiful speech,” Malone said. “It does you
credit, and what’s more, | believe it. But it doesn’t tell
me who murdered who.” He paused to mop his face
with a soiled and crumpled handkerchief. “What’s
more, I’d like to know how much goofier Tootz is than
we think heis.”

They stared at him for a full minute.

“Oh Malone,” Helene said, “you couldn’t imagine
Tootz being a homicidal maniac.”

“Understand this,” Malone said, frowning, “you think
of a homicidal maniac as a wild creature with tangled
hair and flaming eyes, foaming at the mouth, and bran-
dishing an ax. Thatisn’ttheright picture at all. A crazy
man can be crafty as hell. He can fool a lot of people.”

“But why would he pick on those particular vic-
tims?” Jake asked.

“In his condition of mind, he might pick on any-
body,” Malone said. “Delusions of persecution can bring
on a bunch of murders. Especially if he thought those
particular people were persecuting Nelle.”

“Butthat’s why it’simpossible,” Jake said. “He didn’t
know anything about them. Not about Paul March, nor
Givvus—hell, he didn’t know Givvus from a circus horse.
He didn’t know anything about anything.” He scowled
ferociously. “Damn it, Malone, half of our anxiety is
over keeping Tootz from finding out about any of this.”

“There’s another reason why it’s impossible,” Helene
said thoughtfully. “Tootz couldn’t have been there.”

“Helene’s right,” Jake said. “All his horses couldn’t
drag Tootz out of the house when Nelle wasn’t with
him. And in the case of all three of the murders, Nelle

--- Page 192 ---
was away from Tootz.”

Malone shrugged his shoulders. “Well anyway, that
would still leave a long list of questions unanswered.”
He checked on his fingers. “One, what was the motive
for moving Paul March’s body? Two, where did March
get the money that was in his podcet? Three, who stole
Nelle Brown’s script with the impression of the black-
mail note on it? Four, where are the letters St. John was
carrying in his pocket yesterday? Five, who set fire to
the old warehouse?”

Jake blinked.

“After all,” Malone added, “it doesn’t seem likely that
the warehouse would have chosen this particular time
to burn down, just all by itself.”

There was a long, uncomfortable pause.

“And to think,” Jake said at last, “all this started with
one measly little murder that nobody cared about,
and that | thought nobody would ever know anything
about. Personally,” he muttered, “I think it’s a conspir-
acy just to keep me from getting married to Helene.
Somebody’s doing the whole thing just to make life
hard for me.”

“Von Flanagan is probably thinking the same thing
right now,” Malone said. “He thinks murderers try to
hide the evidences of their crimes as a personal unkind-
ness to him.”

“Would it do any good,” Jake said slowly, “for me
to go to Von Flanagan and tell him my part in the
whole mess? Leaving out the part about the letters,
of course. But if he knew about the secret audition,
and where Givvus was killed, and where March was
killed and when—"

“It might have done some good if you’d thought of

--- Page 193 ---
it earlier,” Malone said. “Von Flanagan is too sore about
it now. He’d love an excuse to throw anybody in the
jug right now, and you’ve given him plenty of reason
for arresting you. You’d better not stick your neck out
any more than itis already, or Von Flanagan will have
a noose around it.”

Jake said, “No noose is good noose,” and
blushed apologetically.

“Ill tell you what you can do,” Malone told him. “I’'m
going to drop in at Von Flanagan’s office and you can
come along. You have the excuse that your client was
associated in a business way with St. John and you
want to find out just what is what. But keep your mouth
shut and let me do the talking.”

Jake nodded.

“And then,” Malone continued, “you and | had better
go talk to Nelle.” He looked at his watch. “The day’s
practically gone. We’d better get going.”

“But what about me?” Helene wailed. “Do | have to
stay hidden here forever?”

“I feel a lot safer when you can’t roam around and
stirup more trouble,” Malone said severely. “But I’ll do
what | can, as soon as | can.”

“And meantime, you just stay right where you are,”
Jake told her.

“All right. | will,” she said so meekly that Jake wor-
ried about it all the way downtown.

Von Flanagan, when they found him, was not in
an amiable mood. He was standing by his window,
gloomily watching the traffic in the street below and
whistling a bar of “The Last Round-Up,” as Jake and
Malone walked in.

“You remember Jake Justus,” Malone said. “He used

--- Page 194 ---
to be with the Examiner.”

Von Flanagan nodded with no warmth whatsoever.

“He’s something of a mink fancier himself,”
Malone added.

The police officer’s eyes brightened. “You keep
mink?” he asked interestedly.

“Only as pets,” Jake said.

“You seem to have quite an affair on your hands,”
Malone said hastily.

For several minutes Von Flanagan talked loudly and
profanely about the murders.

“It’s certainly all of that,” Malone agreed as the
police officer paused for breath. “Jake here is inter-
ested because his client—he’s a press agent now—was
associated with St. John.”

Von Flanagan turned to Jake. “Who’s your client?”

“Nelle Brown.”

“You don’t say!” the big man said more cheerfully.
“Do you suppose you could get me her autograph?”

“Sure,” Jake said, “any time. Who killed John St.
John, or do you know yet?”

“Well, his wife might have,” Von Flanagan said, “he
wasn’t any too good to her from what I learn. Only
it don’t look like she did. Her alibi looks pretty good
and anyway she didn’t have no reason for shooting
the otherone.”

“The other one?” Malone inquired.

Von Flanagan nodded. “This St. John fella and the
guy that was in the kitchen were shot with the same
gun. There, by God, we know something, anyway. And
we know something else, too. The Paul March guy,
he wasn’t shot up in St. John’s kitchen, he was shot
someplace else and took there, just like that other bird,

--- Page 195 ---
Givvus, was took up to Lincoln Park. It would look like
the same thing, only the Givvus murder don’t seem to
have nothing to do with these two, on account of he
was shot with a different gun. But this here Paul March,
| don’t know where he was shot, and God only knows
when he was shot, because there’s something funny
about the condition of his body. But wherever he was
shot, he was took up to where we found him.”

“That’s curious,” Jake said weakly. It was the best
he could do at the time.

“What’s more,” Von Flanagan said, “now it looks like
there was some tie-up between these murders and this
guy Givvus. On account of the one thing we did find
out about this guy Givvus is that he’d sent a bunch of
money to Paul March just a few days before he came
to Chicago.” He leaned back precariously in his chair
and folded his hands across his middle.

Malone considered the end of his cigar very thought-
fully and said, “What do you suppose he did that for?”

“Search me,” the police officer said, “I’m no crys-
tal-gazer. All  know is this guy Givvus sent this guy Paul
March a check for five hundred bucks, with a voucher
attached reading, ‘For services rendered.’ | know that,
and | know three guys are dead, and | know the papers
are raising hell with me. And I don’t like it.”

“I don’t blame you,” Malone said soothingly.

“Somebody moved those two bodies,” Von Flanagan
said, an indignant light coming into his eyes, as though
he considered it a grave personal affront. “Somebody
did, and me, | ain’t gonna stand for it. | don’t know
who doneit, but I’'m sure as shooting going to find out.
And boy,” he said gleefully, rubbing his hands together,
“boy, when | do get my hands on whoever it was—”

--- Page 196 ---
Chapter 28

WELL, WE DIDN’T LEARN MUCH FROM VON FLANAGAN,”
Malone said on the way to Nelle’s apartment. “Just that
Mr. Givvus sent Paul March five hundred bucks, and that
if Von Flanagan ever lays hands on you, God help you.”

“Damn it,” Jake said indignantly, “l wasn’t the first
person to move Paul March’s mortal remains. Some-
body else started this juggling process. Malone, why
did Givvus send the money to March?”

“You’re as good a guess artist as | am,” Malone
said noncommittally. “Offhand | can think of sev-
eral dozen reasons, and none of them seem in the
least reasonable.”

“Malone, you’ve got to do something!”

“l am going to do something,” the little lawyer said.

“What?”

“I’m going to move to Australia,” Malone said sourly,
“and raise mink.”

They found Nelle in the big, paneled living room,
talking animatedly to a tall, slender girl. The girl
had bobbed black hair, wore eyeglasses attached to
a wide ribbon, and was dressed austerely in a gray
tailored suit.

“Hello,” Nelle said happily, “I’'m so glad you finally
got here.” She didn’t bother to introduce the black-
haired girl. “I've just been telling the story to this young

--- Page 197 ---
lady from the Times.”

“You’ve been doing what?” Jake asked in a
dazed voice.

“It’s very interesting that she was really the one to
find Paul March’s body,” the young woman said. Her
speech was high-pitched and affected. Jake disliked
her at the first sound of it.

“My God, Nelle!”

Nelle looked at him with wide, hurt eyes. “Oh Jake!
Did | do wrong?”

Jake groaned. “Damn it, Nelle, you know | never
want you to talk to reporters. You know | handle all
these things myself. And now—" The implications of
what she had done grew in his mind with a mounting
horror. “After I’'ve practically broken my neck, risked a
jail sentence, and God knows what else besides, just
to keep you out of the newspapers, you go and pull a
fool stunt like this and ruin everything—” He stopped
and wondered what the hell Nelle was laughing about.

“This will teach you to label me a pyromaniac,” the
young woman said in Helene’s voice.

Jake looked at her, at the black, bobbed wig, the
eyeglasses, the tailored suit. Probably for the first time
in his life, he was speechless.

“Well after all,” Helene said, “you couldn’t expect
me to sit around with my hands folded.”

“Where in the name of God did you get the wig?”
Jake said. His voice hadn’t quite recovered.

“Molly borrowed it from a girl who works in a bur-
lesque show. The nice young man next door went to the
dimestore and got the glasses for me. The suit belongs
to a model who lives on the floor above. Who is going
to be arrested for St. John’s murder?”

--- Page 198 ---
Nelle looked up, her face suddenly grave. “Yes, Jake.
Tellit all quick before Tootz gets through being shaved
and comes in here.”

Jake told them what little they had learned from
Von Flanagan.

“Nelle, where were you last night?” Malone asked.

“But I didn’t kill him—"

“I never said you did. | want to know what kind of
an alibi you’ve got.”

“l went to see Baby. Bigges drove me there and went
off someplace and then came back and got me. | got
home a little after midnight.”

“Awonderful alibi,” Jake said sourly. “It’ll look nice
in print, too.”,

“All right,” she said irritably, “I had a headache
and couldn’t sleep so Bigges took me for a drive and
brought me home again.”

“That’s weak, but it sounds better.”

“Jake, the police don’t suspect me, do they?”

“Idon’tthink so,” he told her, “but you’re bound to
be questioned. You get thisinto your head and keep it
there. One, you only knew St. John in a business way.
Two, you haven’t any idea who might have wanted
to murder him. Three, you were riding around with
Bigges last night.”

“But Jake. The copies of my letters. Where are they?”

“I wish to God | k,new,” Jake said soulfully.

“Find the murderer and you’ll find the let-
ters,” Helene said. “They were in St. John’s pocket
yesterday afternoon.”

“Oh Jake,” Nelle said desperately, “Tootz mustn’t
know about any of this. Or Baby. But especially Tootz.
If either one of them should find out, I’d drop dead.”

--- Page 199 ---
“Orif Goldman or your public find out, we’ll all drop
dead,” Jake said gloomily, lighting a cigarette.

They heard a door close somewhere in
the apartment.

“Here comes Tootz,” Nelle whispered.

The handsome, white-haired man walked in, greeted
them. He looked a little uncertainly at Helene.

“You know me,” Helene said. “I’'m me.”

He stared at her. “But you’ve done something to
your hair.”

“It’s a wig,” Helene said.

Malone said, “She’s disguised.”

Tootz smiled and nodded as though that explained
everything. “Oh, | see. It’s a very good disguise.”

“It has to be,” Helene said, “I’m being followed. Jake
and | were followed everywhere last night, and | thought
we’d never get away, so today | disguised myself.”

Tootz looked around wonderingly, finally caught
Jake’s eye, surreptitiously tapped his forehead,
glancing at Helene. Jake nodded slowly, almost imper-
ceptibly. Tootz’ mouth formed a round O.

“Some of these cases are terribly sad,” he murmured
softly to Malone.

“Sad,” Malone said with feeling, “is hardly a strong
enough word for it.”

Tootz glanced at the newspaper on the table beside
him. “l suppose you’ve read all about the murders,”
he said.

Jake cleared his throat. “Yes. We were just talking
about it when you came in.”

“Ahorrible thing,” Tootz said fastidiously. “I suppose
you all knew St. John. | can’t say | liked the man, but
it’s a terrible way to die. It seems to me, the other name

--- Page 200 ---
—March—sounds familiar, but | can’t quite place him.”

“He was an actor and director,” Jake said lamely. “I
didn’t know him very well myself.”

“Neither did I,” Nelle managed.

“It seems to me I’'d met him,” Tootz said, pondering.
“Iknow | did.” He drew his brows together and was
silent a moment. “Ohyes, | remember now. It was at a
party. Nearly a year ago. Remember, Nelle? He seemed
rather charming. Too bad this happened.”

Malone had been studying a chess problem on the
board by the window, he chose that moment to ask
Tootz’ opinion of it. Tootz slipped into the chair by the
chessboard. It was a difficult and involved problem,
and the two men discussed it at great length.

“I’m glad you dropped in,” Henry Gibson Gifford
said happily. “I was getting lonely.” He sighed. “It’s a
fine day out. | wish I dared go walking. But Nelle hasn’t
wanted to go with me.”

“You know,” Malone said thoughtfully, studying
a chessman, “I’'ve been thinking about those men
following you. | think something ought to be done
about them.”

Tootz nodded gravely. “Something should. But what
could be done? Perhaps the police could help.”

“I don’t think the police would do much good,”
Malone said. “They’re so stupid about things like this.
Perhaps | could, though. I’ve had a lot of experience
in one way or another.”

A light came into Tootz’ eyes. “Do you think
you could?”

“Well,” Malone said, “I could try. Have you ever
thought of doing anything yourself?”

“What?” Tootz asked helplessly.

--- Page 201 ---
“For instance,” Malone leaned over the table and
said very confidentially, “have you ever thought of
shooting them?”

Henry Gibson Gifford stared at him, a puzzled look
in his fine gray eyes. “But that would be murder.”

“Yes,” Malone said reflectively, “yes, it would. But
it would be justified as self-protection. Or you could
shoot at them, and frighten them away.”

“I could, couldn’tI!” It was as though a sudden ray of
hope had crossed the handsome old face. “I could do
that. And if they didn’t pay any attention, then | would
have to really shoot. | hate to think of it, but | could.”

“It’s a suggestion, anyway,” Malone said, picking up
a chessman and putting it down again.

“Only—" Henry Gibson Gifford paused, frowned.
haven’t any gun. I’d have to get one. Yes, I’d have to
get one. | must speak to Bigges about it.” He smiled at
the little lawyer. “Thank you very much for your advice,
Mr. Malone. | appreciate it greatly.”

Conversation went back to the chess problem. At
last Malone signaled to Jake that he was ready to leave,
and they rose to go, taking Helene with them. At the
door, Jake managed one last warning to Nelle, to sit
tight and say nothing,.

“Ilwish | had my car,” Helene grumbled as they hailed
a taxi. “Malone, are you going to get me out of this
mess, or aren’t you?”

He looked at his watch. “I’ll do it now. Andy will be
at the police station. In fact, I'll even take you with me,
wig and all.”

“Wonderful,” Helene said. “l ought to marry you
instead of Jake.”

“While ’'m doing it,” the lawyer went on, “why don’t

“I

--- Page 202 ---
you, Jake, go have a talk with Baby. He’ll probably be
freer with you than with me. Find out if there’s anything
he knows that we don’t know.”

Jake scowled. “I hope he doesn’t.”

“So do |, but we’re leaving no turn unstoned.”

“That’s wrong,” Helene said. “It’s that we’re
leaving no worm unturned. Malone, is Tootz a
homicidal maniac?”

Malone said, “Hell no. And in any case, | can only
see these murders being committed by a sane man.”

Jake left them in front of the remodeled mansion
where Baby lived, promising to meet them at the corner
bar in half an hour.

Baby was in, looking very pale and very tired. Jake
wondered if he had gotten any sleep the night before.
In fact, he wondered if anybody had gotten any sleep
the night before. Except, of course, John St. John. The
young man seemed almost terribly glad to see him.

“Jake,” he said, “I need your advice. Do you think |
ought to go to the police and confess to these murders?”

Jake dropped the cigarette he was in the act of light-
ing, picked it up again, and finished lighting it before
he spoke.

“Is that your idea of fun,” he said, “or did you
do them?”

“No,” Baby said. “But eventually the police will find
outwho really did, and it’ll be all right. And in the mean-
time, it will help Nelle.”

“You aren’t real,” Jake said. “People like you don’t
happen. You’ve been reading the wrong kind of
magazines. Look here, kid, suppose Nelle herself is
really guilty?”

“But she isn’t. | knew she couldn’t be when | read

--- Page 203 ---
in the papers that both St. John and Paul March were
shot with the same gun. | knew she didn’t shoot St.
John because she was here last night. So, of course,
she couldn’t have done the other. She couldn’t have
anyway. Not Nelle. | should have known—" His voice
broke off suddenly.

“What should you have known?” Jake asked.

The young man buried his face in his hands. “I’'ve
been an awful fool. All this time I've been thinking Nelle
killed Paul March, and then Mr. Givvus, and I’ve been
nearly going crazy.”

Jake stared at him. “But nobody knew about Paul
March’s murder until this morning.”

“I did,” Baby said miserably. “I knew it all along.”
He looked up, his face strained and white. “Jake, that
night—the night of the broadcast—I’d been over at a
friend’s apartment listening to the show, because my
radio was on the fritz. It was over and | was just walking
home along Erie Street, when | saw Nelle get out of a
taxi in front of the building there.”

“Did she see you?” Jake asked.

Baby shook his head. “I started to call to her, and
then I stopped. | knew she was going to see Paul March.
Or | supposed she was. | wasn’t sure. | waited there
for her to come out. This all sounds crazy, but you do
crazy things when you’re as jealous as | was that night.
Finally she did come out, and went away. | was nearly
wild, wondering if she’d been to see him. | thought I’'d
just go in and see if he was there. | thought that if he
was there, then I’d feel sure she’d been to see him. So
| walked up to his door. It was just a little open and
|—wentin. Oh hell, | don’t know what | thought I’d say
to him or do to him. | just went in. And there he was,

--- Page 204 ---
dead.” He looked up at some indeterminate point on
the ceiling. “l supposed Nelle had shot him.”

Jake walked to the window, watched two taxicabs
and a truck roll down the street, turned back again.
“Good God,” he said, and again, “good God! And you’ve
been carrying this around on your back all this time!”

“I couldn’t say anything to her, could 1? | couldn’t
do anything, could 1? | just had to keep still. And then
the day of the audition—" He paused.

“Go on,” Jake said.

“I'knew the secret audition was going on. And | was
just coming out of Studio B and | saw Givvus going
into the client’s room with St. John. And I just sort of
figured it out myself—that St. John was making Nelle
give the audition. | knew she wouldn’t want to do such
an audition. | wasn’t sure how St. John was making
herdoit, but| knew he must be. And then | read in the
paper that Givvus had been killed.”

“And you thought Nelle killed him!” Jake said.

“What could | think?” The young man said wildly.
“What could | think? | know now | was wrong, but still
that doesn’t help much. My God, Jake, what am | going
to do? | can’tjust not do anything at all about it.”

“All you can do is keep your mouth shut, and be nice
to Nelle,” Jake told him. “She’s having it tough right
now. Are you in tomorrow night’s show?”

“Yes. Oscar called me this morning.”

“Good. Just stick around and—well, be nice to her.
That’s all you can do.”

“I know she doesn’t love me,” Baby said, “but that
doesn’t make any difference. ’d do anything. Anything,
Jake.”

“No, she doesn’t love you,” Jake said gently, “and

--- Page 205 ---
she never will. She’s in love with a dream, and she
always will be. Right now the dream happens to look
like you. She means every word she says to you now.
But someday the dream will change and look like some-
body else. Maybe we all love only imaginary people,
| don’t know. But certainly Nelle does. And when thie
change does come, you’re the one it’ll be tough on.”

“No itwon’t,” the young man said. “l can remember
her, can’t1?”

Jake shook his head pityingly.

“You think I’ll get over it,” Baby said, “but | won’t.”

“You’ll remember her,” Jake said, getting up. “But
your own dream will change. Hell, what are we looking
into the future for? The present is bad enough.” He
sighed. “The truth is, the only person Nelle really loves
is Tootz, strange as it seems.” He paused at the door.
“Keep your mouth shut and try not to worry.”

Baby nodded. “l will.”

Down on the sidewalk, Jake glanced at his watch.
There would be time to walk over to his hotel and
change his clothes before he met Malone and Helene
again. Not, he told himself, that he was getting dressed
to get married. To think that would be to tempt prov-
idence. But sleeping in his clothes had not improved
them any.

Something had to be done about Baby. In the past,
Nelle’s romances hadn’t bothered him. This wouldn’t,
as far as Nelle herself was concerned. But sooner or
later the young man was in for a blow. A bad blow.
Perhaps if he talked firmly to Nelle, she’d ease Baby
down and end the whole affair. Nelle wouldn’t want
to hurt anybody if she could help it. Or perhaps he
could convince Baby that his presence on the scene

--- Page 206 ---
was harmful to Nelle and get him to go away. It had to
be ended somehow.

Hell’s bells, why was he wasting his time over it? As
if he didn’t have enough on his mind anyway. Perhaps
by his time Malone was getting Helen squared with the
police. They would meet for dinnerin a little while now,
and be would be able to forget Nelle, Baby, the police,
the murders, and everything else for a few hours.

He walked into the lobby of his hotel. Atall, gangling
young man rose from a chair near the door and came
to meet him.

“Thank God you got here,” Joe Mclvers said. “I’'ve
been going nuts!”

--- Page 207 ---
Chapter 29

YOU’RE DAMN RIGHT. I’'M NOT GLAD TO SEE YOU,” JAKE
said crossly, ushering Mclvers into his room and kicking
the door shut. “Last Sunday | started out to get married.
Thisis Thursday night and, between one cursed murder
and another, | haven’t got around to it yet.”

He lighted a cigarette and stared at Mclvers. “How
about a drink?”

“Thanks,” Mclvers said. “l guess | could use one.”

“You look it,” Jake grunted. He dug the remains of a
bottle of gin out of a dresser drawer and divided it with
mathematical precision into two glasses. “I’'m meet-
ing my girl and my lawyer in just twenty-one minutes
and possibly by the grace of God we’ll be able to get
married tonight.”

“Does it take a lawyer to get you married?” Mclvers
asked a little stupidly.

“No,” Jake said, “he’s just getting my girl out of
jail.” He pulled off his shirt and began searching for
a clean one.

“But Jake,” the agency man said unhappily, “every-
thingis in such a mess.”

“That statement has no news value whatsoever,”
Jake told him. He looked at Mclvers closely. “Some-
thing’s on your mind. You might as well tell me and
get it over with.”

--- Page 208 ---
“It’s about Paul March’s murder,” Mclvers said. “You
see, | was there.”

An act of providence saved Jake from dropping the
glass of gin.

“I was there,” the agency man repeated. “And about
the warehouse, you know. There’s a newspaper story
aboutits burning down. If it burned down Paul March’s
body should have been burned up in the fire, only how
could it have been there if it was in St. John’s kitchen,
and anyway, how did it get there?”

Jake sat down on the edge of the bed and stared
at him.

“It gets sort of complicated,” Mclvers said.

“Let’s start this all over again,” Jake said very slowly
and calmly. “How did you know Paul March’s body was
in the warehouse?”

“God damn it,” the agency man said wildly, “I put
it there.”

“Well, well,” Jake said after a while. He began chang-
ing his socks. “You didn’t shoot him, by any chance?”

“No. No, I didn’t. He was dead when | got there. Jake,
you’ve got to believe me.”

“Sure,” Jake said, “I believe you. I’'ve formed a soci-
ety for believing people who say they didn’t shoot Paul
March. But his murder seems to have been one of the
major social events of the season. Hell’s bells, every-
body was there.” He paused and added, “In fact, | was
there myself.”

“It was because of the script,” Mclvers said miser-
ably. “I know | shouldn’t have done it, but what else
could I do?”

Jake gave up all attempts at dressing, and said,
“Getting information out of you is like getting an

--- Page 209 ---
eyewitness story out of a disaster survivor. Do you want
to tell me what happened, or do | have to hypnotize
you to get it out?”

Mclvers frowned. “It’s sort of complicated.”

“You said that before,” Jake reminded him. “What’s
this about the script and what did you do that you
shouldn’t have done because there was nothing else
to do?”

“Nelle had written some letters to Paul March,”
Mclvers said, “and he was threatening to send them
to Goldman, so | moved the body.”

Jake looked at him for fifteen seconds, picked up
the telephone, and told room service to send up more
gin, and said, “Any more of this and I’ll land in the
paper-doll department, cutting up. You moved Paul
March’s body?”

“Of course,” Mclvers said. “What else could 1 do? It’s
not just that | like Nelle. Have you any idea how much
commission | make off that show?”

“Sure, sure, sure,” Jake said. “Go on.”

“Nelle’s script,” Mclvers said. “Just before the show
| got to looking through it to see about a change that
should have been made. And look, Jake, here’s how |
figure what happened. She must have stuck the note
between the pages of the script and it was written in
pencil and the pencil came off on the script paper. It
was in reverse, but | could read it.”

Before Jake had time to wrestle with that, the
gin arrived. “So it was you stole the script?” he said,
unwrapping the bottle.

“| was afraid someone else would find it,” Mclvers
said. He took the glass Jake handed him. “Thanks for
the gin. And then | was afraid Nelle would go over there

--- Page 210 ---
between broadcasts and | got to worrying, so | went
over to Paul March’s apartment and he was dead.” He
paused long enough to gulp the gin. “Jake, why did
she do it?”

“Maybe she didn’t,” Jake said. “But go on. You found
him dead, and you did what?”

“I supposed of course she’d shot him. And | had no
idea how many people might know she’d gone to his
apartment between shows. Or how many people might
know about the blackmail note. Or anything. And my
God, Jake, imagine what would happen if Nelle was
arrested for murder.”

Jake said, “I’'ve been imagining it for several days.
So you moved the body, huh?”

Mclvers jumped up and began pacing the floor.
“Damn it, Jake, | had to do something. There was the
program to consider. It’s the major part of my income.
The contract was up for signing again. And anyway,
there was Nelle. Suppose—” He paused, gulped. “Good
God, suppose poor Tootz heard anything about it! It
would drive him crazy!” He paused and turned pale.
“I mean—"

“Never mind,” Jake said. “I know what you mean.”

“I moved the body,” Mclvers said. “l remembered the
warehouse and the refrigerating chamber. It seemed
like a perfect place. | drove my car around to the alley
and carried Paul March down the stairs and out the
back way, and went up and washed the kitchen floor,
and took his body to the warehouse. It was locked, of
course, butl didn’t have any trouble gettingin. Then |
went back to the rebroadcast, but | was late, and | just
caught the tag end of it out in the lobby. Nelle sounded
all right.” He stopped and stared at Jake. “You’re sure

--- Page 211 ---
she didn’t shoot him?”

“Well,” Jake said, “she says she didn’t.”

Mclvers nodded as though that settled everything.
“Then the next day | began worrying about it. | was
afraid March’s disappearance would make some stink.
So | send a note to his landlady with some dough,
asking her to send his things to him at Honolulu, and
signed his name.”

“Why Honolulu?” Jake asked.

“It was the farthest away place | could think of.”

“Australia’s farther,” Jake said. “But that might have
been overdoing it.”

“But,” Mclvers said anxiously, “somebody must
have discovered the body and taken it up to St.
John’s kitchen.”

“Yes,” Jake agreed, “somebody must have.”

“It was a crazy thing to do.”

“All of that,” Jake said with feeling. “But now what?”

“Now Goldman wants to see both of us—you and
me —at nine o’clock tomorrow morning,” Mclvers said
anxiously. “Everything was rosy when we came back
from Brule. We had a wonderful time fishing, and made
all the plans for signing the contract after the show.
And then all of a sudden he wants to see both of us
tomorrow morning.”

“Probably doesn’t mean a damn thing,” Jake said,
buttoning his shirt. “You’re just a little haywire because
of what’s happened, that’s all.”

“If he had the faintest notion Nelle was involved in
the murders, he wouldn’t sign.”

“He doesn’t have any such notion. He can’t have.
And forget it.”

“But if the police are looking for her,” Mclvers

--- Page 212 ---
began desperately.

Jake spun around. “What are you talking about?”

“The police,” Mclvers repeated. “Haven’t you seen
the papers?”

“Not since morning.”

Mclvers drew a folded paper from his pocket, Jake
grabbed it.

Who Was Blond Girl In Radio Actor’s Life?

He read the story hastily. The police had learned of a
mysterious and reputedly beautiful blond woman who
had visited Paul March frequently during the winter.
It was hinted that she might have more to do with his
murder than met the eye. No clue to her identity had
been disclosed, but Von Flanagan had stated he had
a good idea who she was, and that he would have her
broughtin for questioning before the day was through.

“It means Nelle,” Mclvers said in a tone that indi-
cated it also meant ruin.

“Why the hell didn’t you tell me this at
the beginning?”

“Ididn’t think of it,” the agency man said miserably.

Jake tied his tie with a savage jerk, muttered that
he hoped he might be married by Christmas, and said,
“For the love of God, Joe, keep your mouth shut about
all of this. No matter what happens and no matter what
is said, deny everything. Leave Nelle to me.

leave the police to Malone, and leave the rest to
God.” “Butifitis Nelle,” Mclvers said, “ifitis, and if they

do pick her up for questioning, and if Goldman does

hear about it, and if—”

“If all that happens,” Jake said, reaching for his hat,

--- Page 213 ---
“then we’ll all go to Australia and raise mink.”

--- Page 214 ---
Chapter 30

MALONE AND HELENE WERE WAITING FOR HIM. SHE
was still wearing the black wig. It was now
slightly askew.

“Your wigis a little woppijawed,” he told her. Adding,
“So Malone couldn’t get it fixed up for you.”

“He got it fixed up all right,” she said. “I’'ve even got
the car back. But I've grown so attached to this wig that
| won’t give it up.”

“All right,” he said. “But I’'m damned if I’ll marry
you while you’ve got it on. | have a feeling it wouldn’t
be legal.”

He told them Mclvers’ story on the way to the Erie
Street building. Malone listened silently.

“I have a feeling just like Von Flanagan,” he grunted
at last. “All this is being done just to make life hard
for me. So Mclvers moved Paul March’s body to the
warehouse. Then who burned down the warehouse?”

“The man or woman who murdered Paul March,”
Jake said.

“How did he or she know Paul March’s body had
been moved to the warehouse?” Malone asked.

After a long pause Helene said, “The murderer’s
maternal grandmother was a Welshwoman, and he
or she has second sight.”

Molly Coppins was waiting for them in the lobby.

--- Page 215 ---
“Jake, the building has been full of policemen
all afternoon.”

Jake nodded. “I know.” “

“It’s about Paul March, poor devil.” She sighed. “To
think of my packing all his things and sending them to
Honolulu, and all the time he was lying somewhere,
dead. Who killed him, Jake?”

“Idon’t know,” Jake said.

Malone sat down on a corner of the desk. “What did
they want to know about him—the police, | mean?”

“Oh, everything. Who his friends were, and what he
did, and all about him. I didn’t know much to tell. He
was a sort of unsociable cuss, always kept a little to
himself. I don’t like people to be like that.” She beamed
affectionately at Helene.

Helene sighed and said, “Well, I’'m glad they’ve
stopped looking for me, anyway.”

They went upstairs to Helene’s apartment. Jake
looked at his watch.

“If we left now,” he began, “there ought to be just
enough time to drive to—"

“Don’tsayit!” Helene begged. “l have a feeling that
the minute you mention Crown Point, hell will pop
somewhere else.” She laid the wig on the table, shook
out her long, straw-colored hair, and began combing it.

Malone had pulled a crumpled envelope from his
pocket and was drawing squares and triangles in
the corners.

“Jake,” he began slowly, “the Nelle Brown Revue
came off the air at nine o’clock—right? And the rebroad-
cast went on the air at eleven?”

“Right both times,” Jake said promptly.

“In between broadcasts—” The lawyer paused,

--- Page 216 ---
scowled. “Nelle left the studios right after the broad-
cast. She would have had time to get here while the
shot-and-shell program was going on. But we’ll assume
for the time being that March was already dead when
she arrived. In that case, she must have just missed
meeting the murderer on his way out.”

“And just missed meeting Baby on his way in,”
Jake said.

“Then,” Malone said, “you horsed around trying to
figure out where Nelle was, and finally ended up here.
After looking the situation over, you beat it back to the
studio, with only a few minutes before the rebroad-
cast. Meanwhile Mclvers thought things over, and was
the next arrival on the scene. Did Mclvers get back to
the rebroadcast?”

“No,” Jake said.

Malone scowled at the notes he had made on the
envelope, finally crumpled it up, and threw it into a
corner. “It all fits in two hours,” he announced. “But
why did Mclvers take so long to get over here?”

“I can tell you that one,” Jake said. “The first thing
Joe did after the broadcast was to go phone Goldman,
the sponsor. Knowing Goldman, I’d say that probably
took some time. And Joe’s anxiety over what Goldman
had thought of the show would keep his mind pretty
well occupied for a spell. That happens every week.
After he’d phoned Goldman and settled back to normal
again, he began to worry about Nelle Brown and the
blackmail note, and eventually got over here.”

Malone nodded. “Givvus sent five hundred bucks
to Paul March,” he said thoughtfully. “Paul March was
murdered by persons unknown. Mclvers played boy
scout and moved the remains. Givvus came here for

--- Page 217 ---
an audition and somebody shot him. Finally, St. John
was killed—with the same gun that killed Paul March,
but not the gun that killed Givvus.”

Jake picked it up from there. “If St. John and Paul
March were shot with the same gun, I’d hazard a guess
that St. John didn’t kill Paul March. There was more
than five hundred bucks in Paul March’s pants. So
possibly St. John bought the Nelle Brown letters from
Paul March.”

“And where are they now?” Malone asked. “Who
wanted them enough to murder St. John for them?”

“You’re asking the questions,” Jake said. “You can
answer them.”

“One more question,” Malone said. “Do we want to
find the murderer?”

“What do you mean?” Jake asked angrily. “If we
don’t find him, how are we going to get the letters back
and get Nelle Brown out of this mess?”

“The problem is this,” Malone said. “Suppose the
murderer is someone we don’t want to find. Grant that
St. Johnis well out of the way. Grant that Paul Marchiis,
too. Mr. Givvus seems to have been a perfect nonentity,
no one mourns him. How far do you want to go to get
Nelle Brown out of a mess?”

“You mean,” Jake said, “the murderer may be some-
one we sympathize with, someone who was perfectly
justified in killing.”

Malone didn’t answer.

“But Malone,” Helene said, “murder isn’t
ever justified.”

“Isn’t it?” the lawyer said very quietly.

No one answered for a long time.

“The point is this,” Malone said at last, “if it’s

--- Page 218 ---
possible to sit tight and do nothing—devote ourselves
to making sure that Nelle’s place in this picture doesn’t
become known either by Tootz or Goldman or by the
general public—then that’s the course of action. Even-
tually someone else will be murdered somewhere and
somehow, and everyone will forget this, maybe even
Von Flanagan.”

He was interrupted by the door opening suddenly.

They turned, and saw Nelle Brown standing in the
doorway, big-eyed, breathless, and very pale.

“Jake,” she said, her voice strangely flat. “Jake,
the police.”

Malone bounded up, shut the door, and led her to
a chair.

“They came up to the apartment,” Nelle went on.
“Lucky Tootz didn’t hear. Bigges went to the door and
they said who they were. Bigges heard me duck in my
room and he thought quick and said they’d find me at
the studio. So they asked him a lot of questions and
went away. But they’ll find out I’m not at the studio
and go back. Oh Jake, what shall I do?”

“You dad-ratted idiot,” Jake said indignantly, “you
should have stayed there and let them question you.”

“I couldn’t, Jake. I’d seen the papers. | know they
think I’'m—I’"m the blond woman. Oh Jake, between
having the show to do tomorrow night, and the script
for it doesn’t look very good either, and the contract
to be signed, and now all this mess, I’m almost crazy. |
couldn’t stand their asking me a lot of questions now.
And suppose they took me somewhere for questioning
and the newspapers got hold of it—”

“It wouldn’t look so hot,” Jake said slowly. “Nelle
Brown picked up by police for questioning in Paul

--- Page 219 ---
March and St. John murders—no, it wouldn’t look
so hot.”

“And Goldman would know, and he wouldn’t sign
the contract,” she said desperately, “and Tootz—"

“What’s Tootz going to think if the police go back to
your apartment looking for you?” Jake said. “What if
they go in and ask him a lot of questions?”

“They won’t,” Nelle said. “l thought of that. He was
restless and not feeling very well anyway, so before |
left, Bigges put him to bed and gave him a sedative
that’ll keep him asleep for hours. If the police go back
there, they won’t be able to wake him up.”

“l want to see that contract signed tomorrow night,”
Jake said very thoughtfully. “I have a hunch that once
it’s signed, we’ll be safer. If the story does get to Gold-
man after that, he probably won’tdo a thing. Not only
will Nelle be a valuable property but he’ll feel it nec-
essary to protect the show’s reputation. So the thing
to dois to keep the police from catching up with Nelle
until after the contract is signed.”

“Very nice,” Malone said, “but how? They’re proba-
bly out looking for her right now.”

At that minute there was a knock on the door.

“If it’s the police,” Jake said, “we give up.”

It was not the police. It was the young man from
next door, offering beer. Helene welcomed him and
told him to close the door. The young man stared sud-
denly at Nelle.

“I hope | haven’t gotten you into any trouble,” he
said slowly.

“Was it you?” Nelle asked. “Was it you told the police
that I’d come here to see Paul March?”

The young man looked unhappy. “It was. | didn’t

--- Page 220 ---
realize | was doing any harm. | didn’t tell them your
name, but | told them you were pretty and a blonde.”

Jake thought fast. “They’d probably discovered Paul
March used to be with Nelle’s show, and had been seen
at parties here and there with Nelle, and when this
dope here said ‘pretty blonde’ they immediately said,
‘Ah, Nelle Brown.”

“lam a dope,” the young man said, “and I’m terribly
sorry. If there’s anything | can do now—"

“Sit down,” Helene said absent-mindedly, “and shut
up. I’m thinking.” She poured out the beer.

“The hell of itis,” Jake said, “they’ll probably come
here, too. Because when they can’t find Nelle, they’ll
naturally look for me to see if | know where she is, and
when | left the hotel tonight, | left a message that I’'d
be here in case anyone tried to reach me.”

“Jake, you’ve got to do something quick,”
Nelle begged.

Helene was looking at her very thoughtfully. “We’re
going to let the police find you,” she said very slowly,
“and you’re not a blonde. Come out in the bathroom
and let me wash your face.” She grabbed the black
wig from the mantel, shoved Nelle into the bathroom,
and shut the door. From behind it Jake could hear
water splashing.

“It won’t work,” Malone said morosely.

“Wait and see,” Jake said, sipping his beer.

A few minutes later Helene returned, triumphantly
leading the transformed Nelle. The radio singer’s gold-
en-brown curls had completely vanished under the
bobbed black wig. But that was the smallest part of the
change, Nelle Brown had become a very ordinary, pale-
faced young woman with dark hair, a small, colorless

--- Page 221 ---
mouth, and pale eyes behind thick eyeglasses. It
seemed to Jake that she had even become smaller
and thinner.

“You see?” Helene explained. “The main point is
washing off the make-up. It’s unbelievable how differ-
ent a woman looks with her make-up off. Nelle looks
like an underfed schoolteacher.”

“The important thing is that she doesn’t look like
Nelle Brown,” Jake said. “Besides, the police won’t
have seen her exceptin photographs. Her voice would
give her away though. Nelle, keep your mouth shut.”

“I will.”

“You can stay here tonight,” he went on. “Tomorrow
you can go to rehearsalin that getup. The explanation
will be that Nelle Brown is ill and her voice double is
rehearsing for her. That’s pretty weak, but once you’re
actually in rehearsal, nobody can get in the studio. It’s
a chance,” he said thoughtfully, “but the one chance””

“Even looking like that,” said the young man from
next door, “she’s wonderful!”

Nelle sat down beside him and began getting
acquainted. Helene turned on her radio and then
turned it down so low that no one paid any attention
to it. Jake and Malone took turns going to the corner
for beer. It was nearly eleven o’clock, Helene was dis-
cussing with Malone the merits of using gin as a chaser
for beer as against using beer as a chaser for gin, when
there was a knock on the door. Jake opened it, and
ushered in Von Flanagan, accompanied by a weary
and morose policeman.

Jake introduced Helene, the black-haired girl (my
cousin Miss Wilson, from Lansing, Michigan), and the
young man from next door, whose name turned out to

--- Page 222 ---
be Willie Wolff. Von Flanagan decided he was among
friends, sat down, accepted the combination of gin
and beer, waved the morose policeman to a chair, and
complained bitterly that all people did was conspire
to make life hard for him.

“And you, Jake Justus,” he concluded, “do you know
where this Nelle Brown woman is?”

Jake shook his head. “l wish | did. Have you tried
her home?”

“We’ve been there,” Von Flanagan growled. “We’ve
been everywhere. Nobody knows where she is. I’'m sick
of this damn running around after her. When I do find
her, ’'m going to throw her in the can.”

“On what grounds?” Malone asked.

“She’s a material witness,” Von Flanagan said. “She
came here to see Paul March. This young man here
said she did.”

“I didn’t say it was Nelle Brown,” the young man said.

“Well, it sounds like her to me,” the police officer
growled. “He worked on her radio program, and she’s
the only blonde we can find who knew him.”

“It wasn’t Nelle Brown,” Helene said suddenly. “It
wasn’t.” To everyone’s amazement she suddenly burst
into tears.

“What the hell!” Von Flanagan said.

“I didn’t want Jake to ever know,” Helene said
through her sobs, “because we’re going to be mar-
ried, and now you’ve gone and ruined everything.”
She wept noisily.

“You mean,” Von Flanagan said dazedly, “you mean
you were the blonde?” He added absent-mindedly,
“Stop crying.”

“But | didn’t shoot him,” Helene sobbed, “l haven’t

--- Page 223 ---
been here for months. Have I, Willie?”

Willie Wolff picked up his cue. “No. No, you haven’t.”

“You knew it was her all the time and you didn’t
tell me,” Von Flanagan said loudly to the young man.
“l oughta arrest you, too.”

“I didn’t want Mr. Justus to find out,” Willie Wolff
said hastily.

Helene’s weeping became louder.

“Now, now, now,” Von Flanagan said soothingly.
“Don’t cry. Just be calm, and let me ask you a few
questions. | said, stop crying. That ain’t gonna do you
no good. Stop it, I tell you. I’'ve got some questions to
ask you. Stop it. God damn it all,” he said in a voice
that could have been heard halfway across the lake,
“Shut up!”

Helene gulped, and was obediently silent.

“Now,” Von Flanagan said triumphantly, in a tone
that conveyed that he knew how to handle these
women. “Now you can come along with me, and we’ll
just have a nice little talk, you and I.”

“Look here,” Jake said, “you can’t do that. She’s
staying right here.”

“Are you telling me what to do?” Von Flanagan
asked angrily.

“Jake’s right,” Malone began. “You can’t—"

“You keep out of this,” Von Flanagan told him.

“Damn it,” Jake said, “l won’t have it.”

“You shut up,” Von Flanagan roared. “That was all
| needed, to have you butting in. Come along, sister.
We’ll see whether | can take you with me or not.”

Helene stood up.

“All right,” Malone said, “but I’'m going with her. I’'m
her lawyer.”

--- Page 224 ---
“I’m going, too,” Jake said.

“Noyou aren’t,” Malone said. “You stay here, Jake.”

Jake thought a moment, looked at Miss Wilson from
Lansing, and agreed.

“Don’t worry,” Malone told him, “I’ll fix
everything up.”

Von Flanagan snorted, suddenly also looked at Miss
Wilson from Lansing. “You, young lady. Did you ever
know Paul March?”

She shook her head.

“What’s the matter,” the police officer asked, “can’t
you talk?”

She found a handkerchief, coughed into it, and said
in a hoarse and almost indistinguishable voice, “Got
a cold.”

“Too bad,” the policeman said sympathetically,
“nasty thing, in this weather. Do you know anything
about Paul March?”

“No,” said the hoarse voice, “nothing.” She coughed
again. “l just came down from Lansing for my cous-
in’s wedding.”

That seemed to satisfy him. He nodded, said to the
morose policeman, “Come along, Konkowski, we got
stuffto do,” took Helene by the arm, and marched out,
Malone following.

The door closed behind them, and heavy footsteps
sounded on the stairs. Jake looked accusingly at Miss
Wilson from Lansing,.

“On top of everything else,” he said, “just when I’'m
about to get married, you go and get my girl thrown
into jail.”

Her eyes filled with sudden tears. “Oh Jake, | cause
you so much trouble. Jake, I’'m so sorry. | know Fm

--- Page 225 ---
nothing but a nuisance.”

He patted her shoulder. “Never mind, babe. It’s all
in the day’s work. What have you got a press agent for,
anyway? Only we ought to change my contract to Jake
Justus and family!”

--- Page 226 ---
Chapter 31

TAKE REMINDED NELLE THAT SHE STILL HAD A
program to do, induced her to lie down on Helene’s
bed, and talked to her until she went to sleep. Then
he sat by the window and devoted himself to worry-
-ing, until sometime near four in the morning when
Malone telephoned.

The lawyer informed him that he was letting Von Fla-
nagan keep Helene overnight. It would, he explained,
keep his mind off Nelle Brown. Once Jake had delivered
Nelle safely to rehearsal, he, Malone, would get Helene
out without any difficulty.

Helene was, he added, having a wonderful time.

“She would be,” Jake said gloomily, and hung up.

He returned to his chair by the window and sank into
a half doze filled with uncomfortable dreams composed
of Goldman, the program, Helene, Tootz’ horses, and
Von Flanagan’s mink.

In the morning he sent Nelle to the studio and
told her to stay there, met Mclvers, observed that the
morning papers mentioned only “a blond woman”
being questioned by the police, and went to call on
Mr. Goldman.

The sponsor was a small, compact man with white
hair and a benevolent face. This morning, however,
it was less benevolent than usual, and very anxious.

--- Page 227 ---
He showed no indication to waste time discussing
fishing, the weather, and what was the matter with the
Chicago Cubs. To Jake that was a bad sign.

“It’s this way,” he said, without preliminaries. “Jake,
before | sign the contract tonight, | want that you and
Joe should find out who done all these murders.”

“I’m afraid | don’t understand,” Jake said lamely.

“Ohyes, you understand,” said Mr. Goldman sooth-
ingly. “Oh yes, you do understand, Jake. Suppose |
sign the contract tonight, and they don’t know yet who
done these murders. And maybe tomorrow they find
out Nelle, she is mixed up in the murders, or maybe
even that she did them herself, only it seems to me
like she was too much of a lady. But I’'m just supposing,
you understand. | ain’t saying Nelle is anyway mixed
up with these murders, but this man Paul March, he
used to be with the show and there was some trouble
between him and her when he left it, and this St. John
was with the agency, and there was always trouble
between him and her. So now | don’t want to sign the
contract tonight unless | know who done the murders,
and that Nelle ain’t mixed up in it.”

He leaned back, folded his hands across his round
little middle, and smiled at them benignly.

“But look here,” Jake said, “you can’t do this to me.
I’'ve arranged for a photographer tonight to take a pic-
ture of you and Nelle signing the contract. It’s to be

announced in the program tonight that the con-
tract is signed for another year. Why, it’s written into
the script.”

“Well,” said Mr. Goldman mildly, “l guess maybe you
could send the photographer away, and maybe take it
out of the script, h’'m?”

--- Page 228 ---
“Now look, Mr. Goldman,” said Joe Mclvers in his
most persuasive tone. “You know as well as | do that
Nelle Brown couldn’t be involved in anything like this.
Not Nelle Brown!”

“Maybe so,” Mr. Goldman said, “and maybe not so.
How should | know? All | say is that | don’t sign the
contract tonight unless | know who done those murders
and that Nelle isn’t mixed up in it.”

Joe Mclvers mopped his forehead.

“Now Mr. Goldman,” he said anxiously. “Even if by
some wild chance Nelle was involved in this, you could
trust Jake to keep it out of the papers. What is he hired
for?” He looked hopefully at Jake.

“Sure,” Jake said, laughing hollowly. “I could hush
it up no matter what happened.”

Mr. Goldman pulled his lower lip. “l don’t say you
can’t” he said firmly. “Now look at here. At home I've
got a wife and two wonderful daughters. Every week
they sit at home and listen to Nelle Brown. Every week
they sit at home and tune in the West Coast and hear
the rebroadcast of Nelle Brown. Now how would | feel
if they sat at home listening to Nelle Brown, and here
she is mixed up in two nasty murders.”

“But she isn’t—" Mclvers began.

Mr. Goldman silenced him with a gesture. “All over
the country,” he said, “people sit at home with their
families and listen to Nelle Brown. Now maybe tomor-
row they pick up a newspaper and read Nelle Brown is
mixed up in a murder mess. Or maybe they don’t read
aboutit, but sheis just the same. For twenty years,” he
said oratorically, “for twenty years | have been selling
good candy to people. Ever since way back when all |
had was a little pushcart and a box of chocolate bars.

--- Page 229 ---
Then—"

In patient and respectful silence, Jake and Joe Mclv-
ers listened to the frequently related story of how Mr.
Goldman had risen from his pushcart to become head
of the Goldman Candy Company, with products for sale
at all candy counters.

“And so,” he finished, “Joe, tonight you have my
contract there for me to sign, and Jake, you have the
photographer there to take the picture, but be sure you
have the proof of who murdered those people and that
Nelle isn’t mixed up in it no way.”

“But what can we do?” Joe Mclvers asked desper-
ately. “The police are working on the case. What on
earth can we do that the police can’t do?”

Mr. Goldman shrugged his shoulders. “How should
| know? | only make candy. Maybe now Jake here can
do something.”

“I’m a press agent, not a detective,” Jake said, “and
there isn’t much time before tonight.”

“Well,” Mr. Goldman said, “you heard what | got to
say. That’s all.” He pushed a button on his desk, and a
yellow-haired secretary popped in the door. “Jessie,
bring me in those letters | should answer.”

“ButMr. Goldman,” Mclvers began a little desperately.

“Look here,” Jake began, “you can’t expect—"

Mr. Goldman looked up from the letters on his desk
as though surprised to find them still there. “Good-by,”
he said pleasantly, “I’ll see you tonight.”

The two men walked silently out.

“Fatheaded old imbecile,” Mclvers muttered in the
elevator. “When he gets set about a thing, you might
as well ask the Wrigley Building to waltz as to try to
move him.”

--- Page 230 ---
“No man who can start with a pushcart and make a
million bucks in the candy business is a fatheaded old
imbecile,” Jake observed. “Not as far as I’m concerned,
anyway. But this puts us on a nice spot.” He sighed.
“Maybe it’s just that | can’t think straight so early in
the morning. Let’s go talk to Malone.”

They found the little lawyer eating breakfast in his
office. Mclvers told him of Goldman’s ultimatum, while
Jake helped himself to Malone’s coffee.

“What do we do, Malone?” Jake asked.

“Send for more coffee,” the lawyer growled. He
walked to the window and stood staring gloomily
across the rooftops, while Jake sat wondering if Von
Flanagan would take him as a partner on a mink ranch.
By the time Malone’s secretary arrived with a thermos
bottle of coffee, the lawyer seemed to have reached
a decision. He sat down behind his desk and poured
coffee into water glasses.

“Helene,” Jake asked anxiously, “where’s Helene?”

“At the broadcasting studio,” Malone said pee-
vishly, “probably telling Nelle Brown how to sing. She
put in the night telling Von Flanagan how to run the
homicide squad.”

Jake sighed with relief. “At least she’s out of
this mess.”

Malone nodded. “It was a matter of proving to Von
Flanagan that she really didn’t know anything about
Paul March,” he said, “and she contributed more to
thatthan | did. Then a few hints to Von Flanagan that |
might be very displeased, personally, if he didn’t forget
the whole thing. Don’t ask me why that had an effect
on him, because | won’t tell you. After all, some things
are sacred.” He sighed heavily. “Anyway, Von Flanagan

--- Page 231 ---
was damned glad to see the last of her.”

In spite of the worries on his mind, Jake grinned at
the thought of the havoc Helene must have created at
police headquarters. But the grin faded rapidly.

“Malone,” he began, wondering if his voice sounded
as hoarse as it felt.

“Go on to the rehearsal,” the lawyer said wearily.
“Act as though nothing at all had happened, and don’t
let anybody get near Nelle Brown.”

“The contract—" Jake said.

“Have it there ready to be signed,” Malone told him.

Joe Mclvers looked up, the first faint look of hope
on his face. “Can you find out who the murderer is in
the time we have left?” He paused, gulped, and added,
“Do you already know?”

Malone looked at him and said nothing.

“For the love of God, Malone.” Jake began.

“Go away,” Malone said crossly, “Go away.”

“Do you know what you’re going to do?”

“I do,” Malone said, “and | don’t like it. But there’s
no way out, now. Go away, | want to think.”

Jake paused a minute at the door. “Will we see
you later?”

“You will,” Malone told him. “I’ll be at the studio.”

“Bringing the murderer with you, | suppose,” Jake
said sourly.

“He’ll be there,” Malone growled. “Get the hell out
of here.”

Jake muttered something about unwashed Irish-
men and crooked lawyers, and slammed the door
behind him.

“Allwe can do it hope for the best,” he told Mclvers.
“Malone knows what he’s doing. If he says he’s going

--- Page 232 ---
to fix this up, he’ll fix it up, so we might as well
stop worrying.”

“I suppose so,” Mclvers said. “What shall we
do now?”

Jake sighed. “This would be a perfect day to get
drunk,” he said, “but maybe we’d better get on over
to rehearsal.”

Schultz was sitting alone in the control room,
munching a sandwich and reading The Daily Racing
Form. He looked up as Jake cameiin.

“Where’d Nelle get the double?” he asked. “She’s a
wonder. Sounds almost like Nelle herself.”

Jake looked through the window to where Nelle,
still wearing the wig, stood by the microphone, arguing
about a song arrangement with Lou Silver.

“I don’t know where Nelle got her,” he said, “but
you’re right, she’s a wonder.” He looked around the
studio. Yes, there was Helene in a corner, a copy of the
script in her lap. The world became a little brighter.

“Of course,” Schultz said, brushing a crumb from
his chin, “I could tell the difference, being an expert on
Nelle’s voice, but I’d bet the average listener couldn’t.
Will she do the show herself? Nelle, | mean?”

“God knows,” Jake said, “but | hope so. Look here,
Schultz. We’re going in there and rehearse. You keep
everybody out of here. | don’t care who wants to get
in the studio or the control room. Keep ‘em out—all
except a guy named Malone, a lawyer.”

“l getyou,” Schultz said, “l won’t let nobody get in.”

Jake nodded, walked in the studio, and looked
around. There was Helene, looking cool and exquisite
in her corner; Nelle, more than ever resembling Miss
Wilson from Lansing; Lou Silver, marking a last-minute

--- Page 233 ---
change in an arrangement; Oscar Jepps, coatless, red-
faced and perspiring; Bob Bruce, pale and worried,;
an actress whose name he couldn’t remember; two
actors whose names he couldn’t remember; a bunch
of musicians; Krause fiddling with his sound effects,
and Baby. Baby? Oh yes, he remembered. Baby had a
part in this week’s show.

Oscar saw him and walked across the studio.
“What’s Nelle wearing the furpiece for?”

“She’s a fugitive,” Jake said, “don’t ask questions.
How’s the script?”

Oscar said, “l could have written a better one in
my sleep.”

Nelle joined them. “What goes on?” she asked,
very casually.

“Listen,” Jake said, “as far as you’re concerned, this
is just another rehearsal. | want Nelle to keep hidden
out for reasons of my own. Schultz is keeping every-
body out of the studio, so she might as well take off
the disguise. Now get this. The whole mess is going to
be cleared up this afternoon. | don’t know how myself,
butitis. Meanwhile there’s a show to do tonight. Forget
the whole infernal business and rehearse the show.
Now get going.”

He sighaled to Helene to follow him into the control
room, and settled down to listening.

For the first half-hour, rehearsal was strained and
listless. By the time Jake began to give up hope of an
even presentable broadcast, the group began to be too
absorbed in the show to think of anything else. By four
o’clock, the script had been shortened, lengthened,
rearranged, and rewritten, and everyone rested and
drank coffee. By five o’clock, a final rehearsal went off

--- Page 234 ---
with a smoothness and vitality Jake would not have
believed possible. As the musicians prepared to leave,
he walked into the studio.

“Lou, you can get your boys out of here. You can go,
too,” he said to the unnamed actress and actors and
to Krause. “The rest of you stick around.”

“What’s up?” Bob Bruce asked.

Jake looked toward the control room and saw
Ma-lone. “I think we’re going to learn the truth about
the murders,” he said.

“What murders?” Oscar said innocently, taking his
face out of the script.

Jake sighed. “It must be wonderful to be an artist,”
he remarked, and called into the microphone, “Come
on in, Malone.”

The little lawyer walked into the studio. He looked
very pale and very tired.

“You all know John J. Malone, | guess,” Jake said,
looking around.

“Have you done something. Malone?” Mclvers asked
anxiously. “Is the contract safe?”

Malone nodded and sat down heavily in one of the
leather-and-chromium chairs. “l know the whole story.
| might as well be honest. I've known the important part
for several days now.” He paused a moment. “There’s a
way to handle it that will save things, | think. But | hate
to doit. Because | know it’s going to hurt.” He paused
again and looked up. “I’'m sorry, Nelle. I’'m sorrier than
| can say.”

--- Page 235 ---
Chapter 32

WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?” JAKE ASKED. HIS
voice seemed to come from some perfect stranger.

Malone didn’t appear to hear him. He was looking
at Nelle. The radio singer seemed to know what he was
going to say. She turned very white.

“Itisn’t worth it,” she said. “The contract, the show
—nothing is worth it. Nothing in the world.”

Malone looked up at her. “It’s for you to say,” he
told her.

“Nelle,” Mclvers said wildly, “Nelle, the contract.”

“Shut up,” she said, as casually as though she
were slapping a fly. “The program doesn’t matter any
more. It all seemed so important all along, and now
suddenly itisn’t.” She turned to Mclvers. “Joe, you can
sell Goldman something else. It’ll take a little time,
but you can do it. I'm sick of the whole thing anyway.
I’m through. I’m not broke. I've saved a hunk of what
I’'ve earned this year. Enough for Tootz and me to live
on for a while.” She flung an arm out in a wide, frantic
gesture. “I don’t want much. Just Tootz. Just a little
corner somewhere—where we can settle down and just
live and forget all this, and be together, and perhaps
find a little happiness someone else hasn’t used up.
I’m getting out. I’'m through with all this. | don’t give
a damn who murdered Paul March, or Mr. Givvus, or

--- Page 236 ---
John St. John. I don’t give a damn what happens to
the program, or the contract, or me. The hell with it
all.” Her voice broke suddenly.

Oscar Jepps laid a huge paw on her shoulder.
“Nelle—”

She didn’t seem to know he was there.

“I’m sorry, Nelle,” Malone said again. “I’m sorry. It
was the only way. And it’s too late to stop things now.”

He looked toward the door. All their eyes followed
his. The door opened slowly, very slowly, and Henry
Gibson Gifford, very dignified, very beautifully dressed,
and very debonair, walked into the studio.

“I’m glad | heard your speech, Nelle,” he said quietly,
“even though you didn’t mean it for me.” He laid his
hat and stick on a chair, very deliberately.

“You heard it!” Nelle said.

“Through the loud-speaker,” he explained, “in the
control room. The operator had you still—hooked up
is the word, isn’t it?”

“But how did you get here?” Nelle asked. “You didn’t
come here alone! You couldn’t have—”

“I telephoned him,” Malone said wearily. “I tele-
phoned and said Nelle was in danger of arrest. | thought
he’d come here. | had to find out, someway, if he’d go
out alone, without Nelle. | mean—I had to prove it.
| knew.”

“Oh no,” Nelle said, “no. It can’t be this way.”

“It was the only thing | could do for you,” Henry
Gibson Gifford said very simply. He reached in his
pocket, took out a little package, and gave it to her.
“Thisisthe only thing I have ever been able to give you.
| meant to send it, anonymously. Perhaps this was the
better way after all.”

--- Page 237 ---
She took the package almost mechanically,
released the rubber band that held it, saw that it
contained letters.

“But where,” she began, and stopped. “Where did
you get these?”

“From John St. John’s pocket,” Malone answered.

Jake’s hand groped for a chair. “You mean,” he said,
“you mean that he—” He paused and frowned. “But
Malone, you said yourself that he wasn’t—mad. Not
that kind of madness.”

“These murders were committed by a sane man,”
Malone said. “That was the key to the whole thing,
that he was sane.”

His eyes and the fine gray eyes of Henry Gibson
Gifford met in a look of understanding that excluded
everyone else in the room.

“When did you know?” the white-haired man said.

“It was Jake who told me first,” Malone said. “It was
Jake who made me see the whole thing.” He turned to
Jake. “First, when you said—’It’s a good thing Tootz
isn’t sane, or this situation would drive him crazy!”

Jake nodded slowly.

“That told me,” Malone said, “and then there was
another thing, more definite. Tootz would not go out
of the apartment without Nelle. That was pointed out
to me time and again. Yet on two separate times when
Jake telephoned the apartment, no one answered the
telephone. Tootz would have answered if he had been
there. And both times, we knew that he was not with
Nelle. Obviously, he must have gone out alone. If he
would do that—he was sane.”

“I don’t understand at all,” Nelle said.

Malone smiled at her very gently. “When you married

--- Page 238 ---
him, he was a very wealthy man. He adored you. He
looked forward to giving you everything you wanted.
Then suddenly he lost everything.

“You came home and told him you’d signed the con-
tract for your program. He was just realizing that he was
through, finished. Suddenly the whole situation was
reversed. From then on you’d be supporting not only
yourself but him, and the whole world would know.
That afternoon—was the first time Henry Gibson Gif-
ford thought he saw horses in the living room.”

There was a long silence.

“You mean,” Nelle said, “he pretended?” Suddenly
she flung herself on her knees in front of Tootz’ chair,
grasped his hands. “You pretended, all the time? You
never saw any horses? Not any at all?”

“Not any horses at all,” he said softly, “nor any men
following me.” He looked over her head and smiled at
Malone. “You must admit the horses were a very nice
touch, though.”

“They were,” Malone said. “Avery nice touch.”

“But why?” Nelle demanded wildly. “Why?”

He stroked her soft, shining hair very tenderly. “Per-
haps | should simply have gone away. Perhaps | should
have gone out a window, as so many men did. But you
were too precious to me, Nelle. Precious, and | felt too
that you needed me. Yet—I couldn’t simply stay on
and be the bankrupt husband of Nelle Brown, living
on the income from her artistry. | could stay and be
a harmless old madman. Do you understand? Do you
forgive me, Nelle?”

“You talk of forgiveness,” Malone said, “after what
you have done for her.”

“The imaginary men following me,” the old man

--- Page 239 ---
went on, continuing to stroke her hair, “were for
another reason. | wanted to know all that was going
on. | knew you were as impulsive as a child. | thought
there might be a time when you would need help, pro-
tection perhaps. When everyone believed | wouldn’t
leave the house without Nelle, I always had a perfect
alibi whenever Nelle was away.”

Jake looked up. “That’s what’s been fooling me all
along,” he said.

The white-haired man nodded. “I didn’t plan it as an
alibi for murder. But it came in very handily. | planned
it so that | could keep an eye on Nelle.” The graceful
old fingers paused, half tangled in her hair. “I knew
all about Paul March. It all but broke my heart that |
couldn’t comfort you when you needed it so. | knew all
about”—he looked up to smile at Baby—"this young
man. Those things haven’t mattered. Only your good-
ness to me mattered.”

Nelle was very still, her face buried on his knee.

“I knew what Paul March was, and | was afraid for
you. Then that night a week ago you brought your script
home, and | glanced through it and saw the impression
left by his note to you. | knew, then, that the only thing
to do was to kill him.”

Jake had never known that a room could be so still.

“I remembered the program that came just after
yours, and | was sure the sound of the shots in that
program would cover the sound of mine. | was con-
fident Paul March would have his radio on, turned to
your program, and | was right. | was in the hall just
as your program finished, listened for the start of the
other one, and walked in without knocking. He was in
the kitchenette. | went up to him and shot him.”

--- Page 240 ---
There was a long silence. Jake felt Helene’s hand,
very cold, slip into his own.

Henry Gibson Gifford drew a long, sighing breath.
“The letters were in his pocket. | looked for any other
reminder of you, Nelle, and found nothing. But | found
money in his wallet, and that bothered me. | knew you
hadn’t come and bought the letters. Finally | concluded
he must have been blackmailing someone else.

“Just then | heard your steps in the hall. | hid out
on the fire escape and watched you search the room.”

She looked up suddenly. “Then | was being watched
when | was in that room! | felt it—and yet | thought
it wasn’t possible.” She caught her breath sharply. “I
was watched—and by you!” She buried her face again.

The old man went on as though there had been no
interruption. “There was now another danger. Your
coming to the apartment might involve you when the
murder was discovered. Then this young man”—he
indicated Baby—"came, and | stayed on the fire escape
until he had gone. Then | stayed there trying to think
what to do, and while | was there, first Jake arrived,
and then Mclvers. | stayed out on the fire escape nearly
two hours while a perfect procession of people came
into thatroom.” He paused and smiled. It was almost
like watching a parade.”

Jake cleared his throat harshly. “All that was needed
was a guide and a rubberneck wagon.”

Tootz’ gray eyes met his appreciatively.

“Then I,” Joe Mclvers began, and stopped to stare
atthe old man. “You must have thought | was insane.”

Henry Gibson Gifford shook his head. “l understood
why you were doing what you did. But when you moved
the body of Paul March, | followed you and saw you

--- Page 241 ---
hide it in the old warehouse.”

Joe Mclvers blinked. “I didn’t dream that anyone
was watching me—following me.”

Tootz smiled. “l was very quiet.” He paused and drew
a long, sighing breath. “l thought everything was set-
tled. Sooner or later the body of Paul March would need
to be destroyed. There was no immediate hurry. | knew
that when the time came, a fire in the old warehouse
would cause an explosion in the refrigerating chamber
that would probably destroy the body beyond recogni-
tion.” He smiled wryly. “When that time came, | didn’t
know that the body had been removed.

“I’m afraid,” he said slowly, “I’m afraid | bungled
things badly.”

In the long silence that followed, his fingers began
stroking Nelle’s hair again, slowly and rhythmically.

“Butdamniitall,” Helene began. Her voice broke off
suddenly, she scowled and began again, “You said you
took the letters from Paul March’s pocket. Then how
did St. John get hold of them? What happened to St.
John?” she paused and scowled again. “And Mr. Givvus.
None of this explains who murdered Mr. Givvus.”

Henry Gibson Gifford nodded toward the letters
Nelle still held limply in her hands.

“They explain who killed Mr. Givvus,” he said quietly.
“Who and why. They explain—everything you asked.”

--- Page 242 ---
Chapter 33

NELLE PICKED UP THE BIG ENVELOPE AND SHOOKIIT.
Three packages of letters fell onto the studio floor. Jake
picked them up, stared at them. “But they’re all alike,”
he exclaimed.

Malone almost grabbed them from his hand.

Henry Gibson Gifford said, “Paul March was a forger
as well as a blackmailer.”

Malone was looking hard at the letters. “There were
three sets of letters, exactly the same!” He looked up
at the old man.

“Paul March was a clever man,” Gifford said. “He
knew of three people who would be customers for
them, so he forged two duplicate sets of letters. | don’t
know myself which is the real set. Yes, a clever lad. Too
bad he ended up as he did—he could have gone far
in the world.” He reached in the big envelope, pulled
out several notes written on odds and ends of paper
and handed them to Malone. “Those are even more
“explanatory.”

Malone took them, handed the three sets of letters
to Nelle. She looked at them a little stupidly.

“But where were these others?” she asked. “Who
had them?”

“St. John had one set, bought from Paul March,’
Henry Gibson Gifford said. “Mr. Givvus of Philadelphia

--- Page 243 ---
had the other, also bought from Paul March.”

“He had them,” Malone said, looking up, “until St.
John killed him for them.”

After the very long pause that followed, Joe Mclvers
said, “you can’t tell me an agency man would shoot
his own prospective client.” He took a long breath and
added, “Especially before an audition.”

Malone, musing, ignored him. “That explains why
Givvus had sent Paul March five hundred dollars. As
aear as | can tell from this correspondence between
Givvus and St. John—heaven knows why St. John didn’t
destroy it when he had the chance—Paul March evi-
dently knew what the situation was regarding the Nelle
Brown Revue—as far as St. John’s hope of selling it to
Givvus was concerned. Evidently he also knew Givvus,
and what Givvus would try to do if he had the chance.
At any rate, he sold a set of the letters to Givvus.”

Tootz nodded. “That’s how I figured it out myself.”

“Then,” Malone went on thoughtfully, “when Givvus
turned up for the audition, he told St. John that he
had his own hold over Nelle Brown and was going to
get her show on his own terms, by dealing direct with
her, leaving St. John out of the picture. It would have
saved Givvus a pile of money. St. John not only saw
his own plans go haywire, but he knew that unless he
could get Givvus out of the way, he couldn’t sell Nelle
Brown to anyone else. With Givvus dead, he could. St.
John needed the money and prestige desperately.”

The lawyer” scowled. “Naturally everyone assumed
that the last person in the world who would have shot
Givvus was St. John. As Joe here just said—no agency
man would shoot his own client, especially after
arranging an audition for him. We all jumped to that

--- Page 244 ---
conclusion, and St. John knew we would. That audi-
tion was arranged to conceal a murder. It must have
happened that way. St. John ushered him into the cli-
ent’s room as soon as he arrived, killed him before the
audition, and took the duplicates of Nelle’s letters and
his own notes to Givvus out of the dead man’s pockets.”

“But St. John—" Joe Mclvers began a little stupidly.

The old man interrupted him. “I thought everything
was all right—that every danger was out of the way.
Then St. John came to see Nelle, and told her he had
the letters. She thought | was taking a nap at the time
he was there—l wasn’t. | was listening. | knew | had the
letters taken from Paul March’s pockets. Finally, | came
to a conclusion which proved to be the right one—that
there were duplicate letters.

“At first, | wasn’t sure what to do. | knew Nelle didn’t
want to give the audition, and | knew the reason why
she was doing it. Then when Mr. Givvus of Philadelphia
turned up on a bench in Lincoln Park, | didn’t know
what had happened. | did know, though, that St. John
was a danger to Nelle. The letters he had might be
duplicates—but they were just as great a threat to her
as those | had taken from Paul March’s pockets. So |
knew St. John had to die.”

Once more the slim old fingers paused, half tangled
in Nelle’s hair.

“Ilwent to St. John’s house. He was asleep before his
radio. No one else was there. | turned the loud-speaker
on full to cover the sound of the shot, and killed him.
The letters were in his pocket. | took them, and then |
knew that Nelle was safe.”

In the long silence that followed, Nelle looked up at
Malone. “How did you know? How did you find it out?”

--- Page 245 ---
“Ididn’t know,” the little lawyer said, “l didn’t know.
| had to guess.” His voice was very tired. “But everything
that happened was to your benefit. That, in my mind,
narrowed it down to those who loved you enough to
commit murder for you.

“But it could be Tootz,” he went on, “only if he were
sane. That was the balance point on which the whole
thing rested. If his delusions were real”—he smiled—
“well, leave it that way. If his delusions were real, it was
true that he wouldn’t leave the apartment without you,
and in that case, he couldn’t possibly have committed
the murders. But if he were sane, his delusion of the
men following him and his refusal to leave the apart-
ment gave him a perfect alibi. Because of that chance
remark of Jake’s—and because the evidence of the
telephone calls indicated that he had been out of the
apartment without Nelle on two separate occasions—I
believed that he was sane.

“Up to the very last,” he said softly, “up to the very
minute when he appeared in the shadows of the control
room, listening to what Nelle was saying, | wasn’t sure.
It was a shotin the dark, though | was fairly sure of my
aim. When | telephoned him that Nelle was in danger
of arrest, | knew that if he were sane, he would come
here. If he were not then my whole theory was wrong,
and the game was up, as far as the program and Nelle’s
contract were concerned.”

“Damn you,” Jake said in a sudden rage, “damn
you, Malone. All this hasn’t done any good. It’s found
the murderer, yes—but you’ve made everything worse
than ever. Goldman will never sign the contract after
hearing thds. Tootz will go to jail for the rest of his life,
and that’s all the good you’ve done.”

--- Page 246 ---
“No.” Malone said thoughtfully, “Tootz won’t go to
jail. Because outside of the people in this room, no one
knows that he isn’t mad.”

A smile crossed the handsome face of Henry Gibson
Gifford. “I haven’t avery long time to live,” he said. “I’d
hate to spend itin a penitentiary. But they don’t send
madmen there, do they, Malone?”

“No,” Malone said, “a pleasanter place. And Nelle
will have nothing but the sympathy of the world when
the news breaks that her half-mad husband had gone
completely mad, homicidal. Even Goldman will sympa-
thize with that. You, Jake, should be able to see that.”

The old man said, “A quiet room in a pleasant place,
with a radio set perhaps, and Nelle to visit me now and
then—I couldn’t ask for much more.”

Malone stood up. “Shall we go, Gifford? If those
ho»ses could convince people all these months, they’ll
convhace Von Flanagan now.”

Nelle rose, clasped Tootz’ hand. Jake tried not to
look at her face.

“You mustn’t cry,” Henry Gibson Gifford said very
gently. “You’ll hurt your throat. And you have a program
to do tonight.”

“Yes,” she said, “I have a program to do tonight, and
a week from tonight and a week from then—” Her voice
broke ever so little. “If you could do this for me, Tootz,
| guess | can live up to it.”

He kissed her once, said, “I’m ready to go, Malone,”
and walked to the studio door without looking back, as
though he had been on his way to receive a decoration.

Nelle stood very still, looking after him. No one
spoke. Jake counted the squares in the studio floor
and wished someone would say something, felt that

--- Page 247 ---
someone, anyone, must speak, must say something,
anything. And at last it was his own voice that he heard.

“Nelle, you can’t do the program in that dress.”

The tension broke, everyone seemed ready to speak
at once.

Nelle seemed to wake from a dream, looked at her
watch. “But I’d have to go home to change. And there
isn’t time before the broadcast.”

Then Helene came to life again. “Oh yes there is,” she
said, “oh yes there is. Have you ever seen me drive?”

--- Page 248 ---
Chapter 34

IN VON FLANAGAN'’S DINGY LITTLE OFFICE, HENRY
Gibson Gifford, otherwise Tootz, had finished telling
his story of how he had eluded the watchful eye of Nelle
Brown and shot and killed Paul March, Mr. Givvus, and
John St. John, because they were persecuting him.
Something told him to do it, he explained. He produced
the gun that had shot March and St. John, apologized
for having lost the gun that shot Mr. Givvus, and gave
the one he had to Von Flanagan with a little sigh of
regret. The only thing he didn’t confess to. Malone said
later, was Helene’s driving through a red light.

“We should of known it,” Von Flanagan said to
Ma-lone. “We knew Nelle-Brown had a husband who
was a little over the sill, but we never thought he’d go
completely off. We should of seen that these murders
were committed by a nut—anybody with half an eye
should of seen it right away.”

Malone smiled modestly.

“This sure is tough for her,” Von Flanagan said
sympathetically. “We’ll make it as easy as we can for
her. Not much fuss, a simple commitment. Everybody
knows he’s been crazy for months. Yes, we’ll make it as
easy as we can for her. Did you get me her autograph?”

“I will,” Malone promised.

Von Flanagan turned to Henry Gibson Gifford.

--- Page 249 ---
“How’d you come to pick those particular guys?”

Henry Gibson Gifford leaned forward confiden-
tially. “I thought | had to shoot everybody who had
anything to do with the radio program. Everybodly. |
had to. Only Mr. Malone convinced me | ought to tell
you about it first.”

Von Flanagan nodded sympathetically.

“It beats all how a frail little guy could of moved
those bodies,” he said reflectively.

“Bigges never knew | had the car,” the old man said
boastfully, “and I’m strong. | wanted to hide them all
in the old warehouse, but | was afraid. It made a nice
fire, the whole warehouse. | wish | could see another
fire.” He sighed regretfully. “Mr. Malone says I’'ve got to
go away somewhere. But | don’t mind. It’s all right as
long as | can take the horses with me.”

Von Flanagan looked up, puzzled. “Horses?”

Henry Gibson Gifford looked all around the -room,
and smiled. “Horses. My horses.” He said it so con-
vincingly that for a moment the police officer caught
himself looking around to see if they were really there.
Then his eyes met Malone’s in a long glance of deep
and sympathetic understanding.

There were only those last few minutes before the
show went on the air. Jake Justus stretched his long
legs in the control room and wished the next half-hour
was safely over.

Papa Goldman had been extremely sympathetic.
The occurrence would make Nelle Brown a heroine in
the eyes of her public. Malone had promised that the
story would not break until after the rebroadcast for
the Coast. In the meantime there would be the show;

--- Page 250 ---
after the show the contract would be signed. Right
now the photographer was waiting in the studio lobby.

Everything was settled, everything was serene. Nelle
was out of trouble. The contract would be re-signed.
In—he looked up- at the control-room clock—thir-
ty-three minutes and fifteen seconds the show would
be over.

Thatis, if Helene had managed to get Nelle back to
the studio in time! For a horrible moment he thought
of everything that might happen-—accidents, arrests,
traffic jams.

In the studio Bob Bruce, serene and smiling, was
making his regular weekly spiel about the show, the
star, and the sponsor, and “Quiet in the studio, please,
except when laughter or applause are indicated.” Bob
Bruce was pale, but his face was happy. He was going
to see Essie St. John after the rebroadcast.

Joe Mclvers tiptoed into the studio, his long, thin
face pleasant and relieved.

Everyone was happy, Jake thought, except Nelle.
Nelle was the one who had been hurt. How would she
ever go through a broadcast after what had happened
in the afternoon? But she would. She’d make it the
show of a lifetime, so that listeners all over the nation,
picking up their newspapers tomorrow morning, would
remember it. After the broadcast, what?

There was Baby, standing among the members
of the dramatic cast, anxiously watching the studio
door. What was it Baby had said? Oh yes. “When it does
come, if somebody like me is there—” Well, he was
there. Someday Nelle Brown would abandon him as
casually and carelessly as she would abandon a song
she had sung too many times, but this was Baby’s hour.

--- Page 251 ---
Evenin the glass booth, he was aware of the sudden
hush, the breathless expectancy that had come over
the studio audience.

“—and here she is herself, ladies and gentlemen, the
star of Nelle Brown’s Revue—Nelle Brown in person!”
(Applause cue.)

There she was, and Jake sighed with relief. She was
back in time.

The control-room door closed behind him, and
Helene slipped into the chair by his side.

“Special permission to sit in the control room,”
Schultz said with a grin, offering Helene a chocolate.

How pale Nelle was!

The sign-off of the program just ending came sud-
denly from the control-room loud-speaker. Jake held
his breath.

There was the station break, and the chimes. Then
Schultz made a sudden, rapid twisting of dials, a quick,
emphatic signal to the studio, whispered, “Take the
baby,” as though they could hear him through the pane
of glass, and drew a bag of salted peanuts from his
pocket to eat during the show.

And then her voice filled the little, silent room—
warm, rich, dramatic, and calm as a lake at
early evening.

“Golden moon—over the midnight sky—”

Jake suddenly remembered one line he had
intended to suggest revising.

Well, there was no revising to be done now.

He settled back in his uncomfortable chromi-
um-and-leather chair, and laid his hand over Helene’s.

--- Page 252 ---
Twenty-nine minutes and forty seconds later he
reflected that it had been the best show of the series.
Everything was settled, everything was perfect. It was
just a great big wonderful world.

All except one thing,.

He sat straight up in his chair and swore unhappily.

There wasn’t time to drive to Crown Point and be
married between broadcasts!

THE END

