--- Page 1 ---
This is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on library shelves before it was carefully scanned by Google as part of a project
to make the world’s books discoverable online.

It has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain. A public domain book is one that was never subject
to copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired. Whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country. Public domain books
are our gateways to the past, representing a wealth of history, culture and knowledge that’s often difficult to discover.

Marks, notations and other marginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book’s long journey from the
publisher to a library and finally to you.

Usage guidelines

Google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible. Public domain books belong to the
public and we are merely their custodians. Nevertheless, this work is expensive, so in order to keep providing this resource, we have taken steps to
prevent abuse by commercial parties, including placing technical restrictions on automated querying.

We also ask that you:

+ Make non-commercial use of the files We designed Google Book Search for use by individuals, and we request that you use these files for
personal, non-commercial purposes.

+ Refrain from automated querying Do not send automated queries of any sort to Google’s system: If you are conducting research on machine
translation, optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful, please contact us. We encourage the
use of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help.

+ Maintain attribution The Google “watermark”™ you see on each file is essential for informing people about this project and helping them find
additional materials through Google Book Search. Please do not remove it.

+ Keep it legal Whatever your use, remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal. Do not assume that just
because we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the United States, that the work is also in the public domain for users in other
countries. Whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country, and we can’t offer guidance on whether any specific use of
any specific book is allowed. Please do not assume that a book’s appearance in Google Book Search means it can be used in any manner
anywhere in the world. Copyright infringement liability can be quite severe.

About Google Book Search

Google’s mission is to organize the world’s information and to make it universally accessible and useful. Google Book Search helps readers
discover the world’s books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences. You can search through the full text of this book on the web
atthttp://books.google.com/


--- Page 2 ---
i

NV

apafi avd g 3¢ woydssgng fiy—Ahryoey penes)

MIAN

Nﬂ%

?nws 3SINIHT IHL ONY SAOYYE THL

// ////////////

i b (I

mm

JY) 9D 49)iDJE §SD]) PUOIIS KV pesojuy

M O )

W[]IHLA

NL23L3 MY
‘0¢ AFARAAA

////

///
////////

N]]Iﬂm

/////’

///////// /// ///////Z/A . (

l I‘ |

‘fomof quosg Aq ‘GaRL T Voo e 1veq ¥if


--- Page 3 ---

--- Page 4 ---
, 1890, Entered accordin m«..... Aot o
.of Qe:nﬂo.uu Washingion, D, 0.,

SYFOROT VI WO RPULUINY VIiIeOS AEWEVOT W SV STUW L UTWy iVe Ly & VIR USWOy

Congy M-u éin the m«&. 1900, in the office of the Libraries

w.eeaaS 4 Union’ Bqudre, New York.

NEW YORK, DECEMBER 20, 1901.

Price 5 _o,oag.

AN TOY, THE

i

OPIUM QUEEN;

OR,

«'The _,,_w_.ma%.w_ and the .OEnm.wm mazmw._m_.m.,

o BY A NEW YORK DETECTIVE.

. CHAPTER L

E.E THE YELLOW SMUGGLERS.

~On a dark, rainy EmE a cab was driven rapidly from
‘Secret Service headquarters i in New York, down w,nommﬂm.f
to the Battery.

Near the Aquarium three men mmmﬁ& from the vehicle, [ -
clad in rubber coats and caps, and _&m one with. Eosm?owo
enid to the cabman: .

“You wait here till we come back.”

“All right, sir,” wmvrmm the driver, with a u.mmwmoﬁa
salute, . ,
. “Wé will probably 339 in an hour or two.”

“You’ll find me here :wou your return, Chief.”

“Hysh !” ﬁ&mﬁ& the man with the moustache, mwm_&ww

twm he hastily mFuoom around to see if anyone was lurking:

near who might have heard the driver’s remark. “I-fold you
not to mention my name. -We are on a secret mission.”
“Excuse me, sir; I forgot,” humbly said the driver.
“We don’t want anybody to know of our presence here.”
“There’s no one who could have heard me, standing near
” . ’

“Nover mind | T vim no Tiake whatever Our work ig too

We might

I want u.oﬁ to keep a constant lookont for us.
‘| need you in a great hurry, you must recollect.” .
“Depend upon me, sir. Anything else ?”

" ¥No. You can go now.”

The cabman drove away, and the Chief of the Secret
Service cast a mmﬁ.ogm glance around, ‘and the bells of
QEE&, Chureh rang 6ut the hour of nine.

“Qld NEm Brady!” he finally muttered.

The taller of his two SEw»Eoum glided over to his side -
and saluted. )

‘He was a wosoamE man, with white w&ﬁ and a &a»u-
shaven, gaunt-featyred face, momw-m& eyes and bushy, white
eyebrows,!

“«Well ? he demanded. : .

“You run along the sea wall toward the Barge Office.”

The veteran detective nodded, and glided away like a
shadow. He soon mspwwopu& in the gloom, and Em Chief
turned to the other officer. :

He was a boy of less than 38&.. with handsome feat-
ures, flashing eyes, and a general air of mgzmwmbomm

“Harry wap& 1»

“Yes, sir,” said the boy.

“Head for Pier 1.”

£“Will you remain here ?” ;

UVoe Tt vont ace tha (hinage emnoaler: fire at tham .

.o

--- Page 5 ---
He had drawn a tarpaulin over his head 1o keep oll the
rain, and two pairs of oars lay in the bottom of the boat be-
side him.

A cynical smile crogsed the Chief’s face, and he softly
called :

“Jo Sung!”

The person under the tarpaulin moved, and as the cov-
ering was flung aside the light of a lantern revealed the
figure of a Chinaman,

He peered earnestly at the Chief a moment, gave a grunt,
and, seizing one of the oars, he pushed the boat over to the
wall. . .

The Chief embarked.

“How long have you been here?” he asked the Chinaman,

“I came at seven o’clock,” replied the Mongolian.

“Any sign of the smugglers yet ?”

« zo.uv

“Go ashore.”

“All right.”

“Say nothing.”

“I won’t, sir.” .

The Chinaman climbed upon the sea wall and ran away.

Untying the painter, the Chief put a pair of oars in the
row-locks and pulled out to where the 35 rivers meet, and
waited and listened.

The waves were choppy and the tide was running oﬁ

A keen wind wasz blowing down the rain drops with a
tinkling sound upon the surface of the water around the
heaving boat.

Occasionally a light E-WE have been seen on vessels that
silently passed in the distance, and twinkling strings of lan-
" terns on the bulkheads .along the shores cut like knives
through the gloom.

In a quarter of an hour the Q?& heard a peculiar whis-
tle.

He understood the signal, and rowed over to a float.

The two Bradys stood there, waiting for him, and em-
barked in the boat. ° \

“Find anything, 01d King Brady ?” demanded the Chief,
as he rowed away from the land, straight out in the bay.

“Jo Sung told the truth,” replied the old detective, tak-
ing a chew of tobacco. “The row-boat which was moored
near the Barge Office is gone, and there’s a coolie lurking
against the north side of the building. He is evidently a
lookout. The smugglers must have come down, embarked
iy _the boat and rowed down the bay to meet the steamer
from which they intend to smuggle the opium. The Peking
1s Jine at anchor in OQuarantine off Tomonlkinaville Staten

“1t ought to be.
u..% .vuw

bid you see the gang on rier 1, Hiar-

“Yes,” replied the boy, with a nod, “there were ten
Chinese crouching against a heap of freight. I saw the
faces of a couple, and recognized them as members. of the
Chong Wah Gong Shaw—the assembly in Chinatown which
frames the laws of the Mongolians in that district. They
are waiting for the smugglers’ boat to come back, so they
can aid the villains to get the contraband opium into the
cify which they are going to bring up from the steamer
Peking.”

“If we could catch the smugglers in their boat with their
cargo of opium,” said the Chief, “we could afterward catch
the gang waiting on the pier. That might break up the
band entirely.” _

“We can do no more than try,” remarked Old King '
Brady. “Ever since I first became acquainted with Harry
Brady, and taught him to become a detective, we have, while
working as partners, become acquainted with most of the
crooks of Chinatown. But of all the artful games we know
they play, it never dawned upon our minds that gm% were
opium smugglers.”

“A person can always learn something,” said the Chief.

“How did you first get wind of this crooked work?”

“Tll explain: Jo Sung, as you know, is a lottery agent
of OrEm.BsB The fantan games and the policy business
going on there are controlled by a swndicate, of which Fan
Toy, the opium queen, is the head. This H.mBmlSSm young
woman is the real head of all the opium joints in Pell, Mott
and Doyers streets. There is such a keen rivalry between
Fan Toy and Jo Sung that they hate each other most’ bitter-
HMs.uv

“We know that,” said Old King Brady, as he adjusted the
olher pair of oars and assisted the Chief to row the boat,
while Young King Brady, the boy, sat in the stern sheets
and steered.

“In an effort to ruin his rival, Jo Sung went to the U.'S.
Revenue Department and informed the Collector of the
Port that Fan Toy paid no duty on the opium she sold in
her joints. He explained how it was smuggled into New
York, and told of a consignment expected on the steamship

 Peking, due to arrive to-day. The Collector asked me to

take hold of the case, and I assented and sent for Jo Sung.
He said a party of fifteen Chinamen would set out to get .
the opium to-night. The steamer wag reported, but could
not come up to her dock in the night. She was at Quaran-
tine. The steward.and purser had a thousand pounds of
oninm ahaard for Fan Taov, Tt was in fonr infated rnhher

--- Page 6 ---
T T T RE T TRy WEEERAE e e e e v

skiff. Then I arranged to have you two to come with me
and see if we three couldn’t- omﬁ,dwo ?m smuggled ow:::
and arrest the whole gang.” .

“If we fail them tonight,” said Old King Brady, “with
our wuoiomma of Chinese affairs we are bound t6 run them
down in Chinatown. ‘I am particularly 4nxious to mm» my
hands on Fan Toy, t00.”

“Why ?” asked the Chief, curiously.

“Because I am firmly convinced that she is not only a
white woman, but she is, I am sure, the author of the H,m:
street murder meﬁwuw »

CHAPTER II. /

A 'DESPERATE BATTLE.

Te

The crime to which Old King Brady alludéd was one of
the strangest.mysteries recorded in the mbz&m of the New
York police department.

Ou the night-of March 6th.- Felix QEE a EESbm:.m
retired merchant, without a relative, had been found by
Policeman Hugh 0’Comnor in Fm empty store at No. 16
Pell street, with a dagger in his heart.

No one had seen him enter the place; there was mo clew

to the murderer ; no reason for his going there could be as--

certained, and the police gave up as wow&mmm their wﬁggm
to fathom the mystery.

‘The Chief of the Secret Service mwmbomm at Old_ umEm
Brady in some amazement upon vmmdnm the detective’s
vehement assertion. -

“Why do you think Fan Toy had anything to do with
the death of Felix Grant?” he finally asked.

:H.woomsmm the building is leased by the Fantan Hong, of
«which she is the head, and one of her opium joints is up-
stairs,” replied Old King Brady. “Grant was robbed, be-
yond a question. "The Opium Queen is known to be so-un-
scrupulous in her greedy pursuit of money that she would
scarcely hesitate at murder to gain a large sum.”

“Your theory is plausible enough, then,” said the Chief,
ini reflective tones. “You had bettertest it at some time in
the near future, as you and Harry made some effort the
other day to find out who murdered the old merchant.”

“We intend to do so.” .

They rowed ahead, past Governor’s Island, down the Low-

. ey 9 9 4 ;9 2 ge; _ we W2 A @& 4 s a & 179

S

“Ahoy !” replied Old King Brady, _.mmrum on his oars.

“Have you come for the rest of the bags?”

“Yes. Heave them over,” promptly replied the detec-
tive. : :

The question brought a covert smile to the faces of the
ihree officers, for they saw that the man on the ship mis-
took them’ mS. envoys of the Opium Queen.

A few moments later a dark object flew over the taffrail
of the steamer and plunged into the water with a splash.

For an instant it sank.

Up it came again presently, Wosoéa“ and zpo sailor gried:

“Make fast, and get away as quick as you can.”

:»3: ay,” answered Old King Brady.

The boat was pulléd over to the floating rubber bags, E&
the detectives were just about to take possession of them
when the light of a bull’s-eye lantern flashed upon them.

It came from another boat close by. ;

Cries and excited words in Chinese followed.

“Discovered !” exclaimed the Chief, in disgust.

“It’s the smugglers!” cried Old King Brady.

Harry had a powerful lantern in his pocket, and he drew
: out, unmasked it, and drove its rays over the water.

They now saw a gkiff containing four Mongolians.

With two of the bags of opium in tow they were rowing
toward the boat occupied by the officers.

“Back water!” cried Harry.

But his warning came too late.

_The stern of the oncoming skiff crashed mmﬁbmﬁ the gun-
wale of the detectives’ boat, staving it in like paper.

"In poured the brine in torrents.

" “The boat’s filling !”” roared the startled QE&

“Look out!” mmBoEmem mﬁda “they are going to at-
tack us!”

The Chinese smugglers raised their oars, and, aiming
gavage blows at the detectives, they brought down the long
ash blades with terrific force, and OE HwEm wum& was
struck on the hip.

Knocked into the water by Eo blow, he mmuw

Heé could not swim!

Luckily, however, when he ascended, the rubber bags were
close w% and he had the presence of mind to seize and cling
to them.

.E_m% easily sustained shim.

Up on the steamer the man who flung the vmmm overboard
rushed away, fearing discovery, when he realized the error
he had made.

MB.Q and the Chief evaded the blows aimed at them.

M 38 o m 2 1 tenre 2T 4oty £Aand A

--- Page 7 ---
La\dos,

Instantly they began to row away.

Bang! went Harry’s pistol again.

It was followed by a volley of savage yells from the
yellow flends, and the next EoEoﬂ the @mgoﬁém row
boat foundered.

Turning turtle, it came 8 the top apd drifted on its side.

Harry and the Chief were hurled into the water, but both
could swim, and thus kept themselves afloat.

“Where’s 01d King Brady ?” gasped the boy.

“Safe. Clinging tothe rubber bags.”

“By Jove! we are unlucky.”

“Never mind. They’'ve fled toward Staten Island.”.

“I suppose the Chinks will land there ?”

“Yes. But they’ve left the bags of opium behind.”

The yells and shots had alarmed the watch on the steam-
er, and an officer and several men rushed aft and peered over
the rail. _

“Ahoy there!” yelled the officer.

“Help! Help!” replied the Chief.

“Man overboard !” came the startled cry.

“There are three of us!” the Chief exclaimed.
a boat.”

“Here! catch these life-preservers.”

“Don’t need them. Lower a boat, I tell you.”

“All right. We’ll pick you up in a moment. Hey, boys,
clear away that port quarter boat! Step lively! step lively!
Their lives are in danger.”

In a few minutes the boat swung off on the davits, was
manned by several men, and was lowered to the water.

Casting off the hooks, they rowed around to the stern of
the vessel and pulled the Chief and the two detectives
aboard. .

“How in thunder did this happen ?” the mate demanded.

“QOpium was smuggled on your ship. The steward and
purser put it in rubber bags and flung them overboard.
Chinamen came in a skiff to get the bags. We are officers.
Got wind of the deal and came to nab them. The Chinks
smashed our boat and escaped.”

«QOh, I see!” ;

“We’ll pick up these bags now.”

“Very good, sir.”

The four floating bags were taken in tow.

An accommodation-ladder. hung over the side, and the
Bradys ran up to the deck. .

Meeting the captain, they explained matters.

It made him furious to learn that two of his officers had

“Lower

. "L wauv .‘Cr— AUVL UErmehEmt
Brady.

“Lord 1” gasped Sherman.

“Caught !” Morris groaned.

They despaired, for escape was almost impossible.

01d King Brady handcuffed the pair together.

“@Got dead evidence against you,” asserted Harry,

“But we didn’t smuggle——" began Morris,

“Denial is useless,” gruffly said Old King Brady. “Cap-
tain, loan us your boat to get them and the contraband op1-
um to the city, 'will you? Our boat is a wreck.”

“Take it, and I’ll send a couple of men along to fetch it
back,” said the captain. “Are you going to libel me?

[13 Z.O ”

“Thank you.” o

Taking their prisoners down to the boat, mua detectives
told the 9:& what happened, and the two sailors joined
them.

They rowed vmow to the 9@

Here they found that the waiting OEumEmv.gm some-
how got wind of the failure of their plan and fled. They
got in the waiting cab.

The two prisoners were locked up, and the contraband
opium was carried on a truck to the seizure room of the
Custom House. -

CauviGllllbu Vil

.

CHAPTER IIIL
N A TRIP TO OHWHZPﬁosz.

On the following afternoon the Bradys left their lodgings
in Irving Place and headed for the Sixth Precinct police
station, in Elizabeth street, to have a talk with the captain.

There was a vast difference now in the appearance of
the famous detectives.

01d King Brady’s white hair was covered by a broad-
brimmed, big felt hat, and an old blue frock coat encased.
his body, there was a standing collar around his neck, en-
circled by an old-fashioned black stock, and a fob'chain
bung from his waistcoat pocket.

Harry was clad similarly, excepting that the boy was more
fashionable in the cut of his garments.

0dd as the fact was that their names were alike, the QE
man and the boy came of entirely different families,

There was only a bond of friendship between them, and
it was so close that either one would willingly sacrifice his
life for the other.

C e

--- Page 8 ---
v

. “Brady remarked, thoughtfully.. ewmw smoke the deadly' petty jealousy before we get aut of his district.”
. product of the poppy weed in everp house in Chinatown.

o

QAR LTVEL AUMDca Wdat wgy vl ildac o aﬁceduw Vi oy “ o AAaVh Yk pravaRety e gtV 41l alicvllilis
case upon which he had occasion to assign them. “8 my duty. There. isn’t & worse place in the city than
- The Bradys were not overjoyed with the work they were owEaSsB. nor a harder one to control. Under the cir-
now engaged on, however, for théy kmew from past mul_osBmQuSu I think T’'m keeping the place pretty decent.
perience that the most difficult cases were those in which the | Nobody is complaining,” . .

Chinese were involved, - N “Qutwardly .the district looks all right, but inside it’s
. But they did' not mamwg.. - ’ vile,” said Harry, “and we intend to clean it up a little' for

.~ “As long-as the Chief wants us to run down ?mmo Chi- yon.” That 82.::@ neighborhood is a blight to the eity.”

nese smugglers,” commented 0ld King Brady, as they went: “That’s no fault of mine. N oﬁzum but a big fire would
along, “I will.do my best to accomplish the task.” Ms_vm it out.”

“This is-going to be the most difficult job we've ever un-: “I-didr’t say it was. But the 85@555 there might be
dertaken in our lives,” said Harry, émphatically. “We’ll ; very much modified. By co-operating with us you could
be pitted against’ the Foo Hai, the Yuen Lee, the Wing, improve the place. However, as you won’t, we’ll depend
Tang, the Chin Yuen and the Chong Chun, lottery com- upon ourselves. Have you found -out anything more about

panies when we go for Jo Sung’s crowd.” ' the murder of Felix Grant, the old merchant?”
“Do ‘you know who runs the fantan games 8&, %EE “If I have I won’t give you the tip, so your department
joints?” can cut in on the police and take the credit away from Fm»:

“Yes. In No. 22 Mott street four tables Ed Fun 5 snhrled the captain, in unamiable tones.
. Lung Jin & Co. At 34 Pell street Lee Gong Jam :Em_ The Bradys saw that they could expect but scant n&.
three tables, and at No. 6 Uo%ﬁ.m street is a Hmwoﬁ worked | from ‘the police in their hazardous work, and the old de-
by Hum Dong Noy.” tective exclaimed: .

“It’s impossible to count the omen joints,” Old King| “Come on, NSQ. We'll make this fellow regret his -

They bowed coldly to the captain and departed, feeling

The best plan is to reach the heads of the concerns to stop decidedly dbooBmongm over the &E@ 3835& mﬁw had

the evil practices of gambling and opium smoking. By received.

-capturing the smugglers we will cut off the source of their| 8till, it was not Ecow worse than they expected.

supply. If we run Fan Toy in, it may w& an end to the| “Which way now?” mmw& Mmd.% when zaw Hdmowmm the

‘. gambling.” street. : ‘
Just then they reached 25 police station and went in. - “Down to 30 Mott street. I mu@mon to fihd the Queen
The captain sat at his desk, and observing the Secret|in Quong Sun Tong @ Cos w_mam. .Ex:wm HE eowm head-

- Bervice men; he glanced up at %E with a ecowl mum gave pﬁw@mﬁ.z ’

- them a curtnod. - . | They soon ummormm the section encompassed by Mott ma.%ﬁ
m.a&omm_oua um&osmw Sumwm "him to &mrwm the: wg&a.  from Chatham Square to Pell sireet and Pell to the Bowery.
.His' wardmen had frequently failed to make a success of This triangle was bisected by the crooked, winding lane

\

certain cases which .the Bradys had accomplished. ‘czlled Doyers street.
“Hello!” said he;. 85&, :ﬂgmw brings you here to-| It was a dirty néighborhood, nearly all the brick -and
&G m : ‘wooden buildings ‘having QwEoma signs and vmubmum fast-
#Chinatown is in your 3853 ain’t it me asked Harry. ened to them.
“Yes. You know very well it is.” .~ . About in the year 1878 a OwEmBmu named Wo Kee set-
“Then why are all those opium joints, ?ﬁgﬁ mgm and |tled in No. 8 Mott stréet and formed the nucleus of what
ottery houses. running wide open ?” T -|is now one of the most densely wowaﬁmm owEoma distriets

“I don’t know officially fhat there are any such E»Sm » lin this country.

“Tndeed 1 sarcastically answered the boy. “If you know| At the present time a Mayor, named Lee Qvnaw presides
it unofficially jt’s your business to close them up anyway,”over the district gs the head om a gort of EE.E%& assem-

“Did you come here to piek  scrap with me, Brady?” [bly.

“No.:-We came here to notify you that we've sworn out} He exercises a mwmwms of Chiinese laws, iﬁ% are respect-
warrants in court for certain crooks in Chinatown, and that | ed more than the ordinances of our éity. :

--- Page 9 ---
-

Lyl lallil Slldaliis WilU 1ddl LUT JULALW WO Have LTl pldlts
in full blast that day.

Upon reaching Quong Sun Chong % Co.’s place, the de-
tectives found it to be a tea store, in the doorway of which
stood a sleepy-looking Chinaman, in baggy pants and blouse
of blue jean, embroidered sandals and a long queue.

He was smoking a long-stemmed bamboo .pipe with a
small, silver bowl, and nodded catelessly »o the deiectives
when they passed inside.

The tea store was merely a “blind.” A white mwmu at the
door told its character.

Passing through a door in the rear, they mozbm them-
selves in a fine fantan room, crowded with Chinese gam-
blers at four tables.

“All the furnishings were Osabﬁ& and Mongol signs hung
on the walls.

A croupier sai at the end of the tables, which were cov-
ered with matting, a pile of money before him, and a dealer
at the other end of the tables was switching a lot of little
pear] buttons back and forth under a brass bowl with a long
ebony chop-stick. , :

Upon the table was a quadrangular picce of board twelve
inches square, the sides being numbered I, II, III, IV, in
Chinese figures.

The dealer took a handful of buttons from a box, placed
them under the inverted bowl, and the gamblers began to
bet by placing various sums of money on and about the num-
erals on the board.

Then the dealer tilted the bowl and with the cvow-mSow
raked out four buttons from under it. This he continued to
do until few buttons were left and one more rake would
bring them to view.

If the remaining buttons were four in number, the China-
man betting on the numeral IV would win three dollars for
one, less seven per cent., which is called “soi,” and goes to
the bank. : .

Sometimes the money is placed “Chang How” on the
number, betting, for instance, on the ITTI to win against the
I to lose. The gambler can only win if the ITI comes out,
and only loses when the I shows.

The croupier took all the money lost, and paid all 5@ bets.

The Bradys were not interested -in the game, however.
They were looking for the Opium Queen, and they quickly
cbserved her sitting back in a secluded corner of the room,
talking to a finely dressed Chinaman.

CHAPTER 1IV.

UTdYy, Uallh CTYcbiuws, 4 LallUsUldlvly 101IMTA 11Ust allld it
lips added to_the beauty of her dusky countenance, and her
manner was dignified in the extreme. She had evidently
once been a person of refinement.

- A lovely pair of bare arms projected from the loose-flow-
ing sleeves of her figured kimona, her nether limbs were
clad in loose, silken trousers, gathered at her dainty ankles,
blue silk sandals covered her tiny feet and she carried a _ummn-
tiful pearl fan.

Glancing up at the Bradys when they approached, she
said something to her companion, calling him Ching Foon,
and he hastily departed.

Greeting the detectives with a pleasant smile that dis-
played her even, white teeth, she howed m:mwzw and said,
in low, musical tones:

“Good-afternoon, gentlemen. I am glad to see you.”

“Fan Toy,” answered. Old King Brady, sternly, as he
ignored the melting glance she bestowed upon him, “do you
know why we are here ?” .

“I have a faint idea, Mr. Brady,” she replied, leisurely.

"“And your impression is?” -

“That Jo Sung has been lying about me.”

“No, madam, that Chinaman proved his words true.”

“Indeed! And what did he claim?” she asked, quietly
fanning herself, .

“You know as well ag we do.”

“I am sure you overestimate my knowledge on that
point.” .

“Well, in brief, he accused you of being the leading spirit

in a gigantic smuggling scheme to bring in opium duty .

free.”
“How absurd 1”
“You deny it, of course. We expected you would.”
“What have I to do with opium P”
“8ell it to the patrons of your joints, of course.””
“What nonsense. I own no joints, or——"
“See here, Fan Toy, you are lying infamously now.”
“Sir!” exclaimed the girl, bounding to her feet.
Instantly the soft, melting smile of the siren faded from
-l her beautifully moulded features, leaving a frown on her

 brow as dark as midnight. Her big eyes: began to flash

and gleam like those of an angry serpent, and her bosom
heaved with spppressed excitement until it seemed as if she
would lose her breath.

Fizing a cold, steely glance upon her, Old King Brady
gaid :

"“You are lying, and you knqw it.”

“Mr. Bradv,” replied the girl, in suppressed tones of in-

--- Page 10 ---
oy AR AV A B WAL TURLGRNVLILOILALVU L4GUVL Widae %ﬁ‘ GAlyv wiibv 4 lSaavL

of the worst opium dens and gambling “_ouzv that curse our |
fair city and drag their patrons down to mwwamﬂqv poverty,
insanity and suicide. You are a fine example of injured in-

nocence and H.ﬂﬂ»mbuo& nicety, 1 Bzmw say. mmv ha, ha, ha, |
“ha!” -

His laugh seemed to grate awou her nerves, and his scorn
aroused a tigerish fury within her that knew no bounds.

“T’11 kill you !” she fairly shrieked. .

And she sprang at him, dropped her fan, and clutched him

_ by the throat with her jeweled mbm@m, in an mmoi to stran-

gle him. -
A look of astonishment crossed Em face.
He was' greatly amuged.
Reaching up, he loosened her grip without much wmoaﬁ

- and holding her wrists, he exclaimed : *

.

“Well, well, well! what a temper !”

“Let me go!” she cried, tearing her hands mwmm.

“Sit down dnd hehave like a lady.”

“Iwon’t! Tl put an end to your insults. 3 having my
friends throw you out of here, ol King Brady.”

Startled by what was going on, the Chinamen gamblers
and the attaches of the den rushed toward. them.

They all held Fan Toy in great esteem.

Black looks were bent upon the detectives, and not a few
of the Chinamen drew weapons from the folds of their
clothing.

There were fifty men in the room.

But the.Bradys did not fear them.

Péinting at the crowd; the old detective said, coolly:

“Call off your boys, Fan, or they’ll get hurt.”

“T’ll have them tear wos to pieces!” she moBmBmm pas-
sionately.

“Don’t let the woou. fools run into mmumﬁ. »

“Bah! You can’t bluff me. Theyll fix you.” :

Ang mwmm_abm pigeon English she begged them to attack

the detectives, beat them and throw them out.

Excited by her words, the Mongolians, wishing to mroﬁ
“their gallantry, rusHed at the Bradys.

But as quick as a flash the plucky officers drew a E.mom om
pistols apiece from their pockets, faced the yellow horde, and,
drawing a bead on them, Old King Brady cried :

“Halt”

Alarmed,-they ovowom

“Back with you!”

. The Chinamen recoiled. 3
“Now, get out! And go quick, too, or we’ll shoot you.”
As they hesitated, the Bradys fired.

- - = . - .. - aww - R &

-~ 8V ptess TR Ve AR ARSIV AT

Indignation at her cowardly friends uﬁdmm_& for su-
premacy in her mind with secret admiration of the detec-
‘tives’ courage. .

- “They’re a lot of old women !”” she exclaimed, angrily.

“Fan,” said the old detective, “we want to warn you to
give up this smuggling business. Don’t interrupt me with
useless denials. We know very well what your game is, and
we are going to watch and foil your plans every time you
attempt to do it again. We've got your opium from the

‘steamer Peking, and we have put Tom Sherman, the stew-

ard, and Charles Morris, the purser, in jail. If we can get
any of your pals, agents or employes to confess and incrim-
inate you it will only be a short time ere you are languishing
in jail instead of enjoying all the comforts and Oriental
luxuries with which you have been surrounding yourself
here. Do you understand ?”

“You can’t prove anything against me,.Brady.”

“No, we can’t, yet. That’s a fact,” admitted the old de-
tective. “But it won’t be long before we will gain evidence
enough to convict ypu. Thew look out. You’ll get all that’s’

coming to you.”

“I defy you,” said the girl, oooE .

She had recovered from her first outburst of temper by
this time, and was again the mﬂmmﬁ.mvowg“ mouzm.n_muuma&
woman. .

But her keen, subtle mind was working out plans and
schemes and she felt a sting of resentment against the de-
tectives which could only culminate in a momw-mamﬁmm crav- |
ing for revenge. °

They had, she thought, injured her grossly. .

Not only had they insulted her and defeated her smug-
gling plan, but they had caused her 2 loss of thousands of
dollars’ worth of opium;.and now menaced &S. future peace
of mind.

~

Such enemies as they were to be feared. .

It was her desire now to put them where @5% could
never again threaten to harm ber. . ’

To do this was no difficult task, and she .set mvoﬁ it at
once. .

“Sit down,” said she, &wﬁ. a moment’s consideration, as
she pointed to,a conple of huge chairs beside the table before
her. “We must {glk ‘this matter over and arrive at some

| understanding, Brady.” .

. Unsuspicious of immediate danger, the detectives mzum,
themselves into the two big armchairs, ﬁvvo_m»mumm in velvet,
that she pointed out. « o

.z.> AT DD ronﬂ *.—.-Dd- Aava an +hon thate wratnht walaacad

--- Page 11 ---
wad (cgllulc,

CHAPTER V.
‘ CHANGING PLACES BY CANDLE LIGHT.

Down, moﬁr plunged the Bradys, their bodies gszum
over and over in the descent E»E mﬁw _mhmmm on the bot-
tom with a crash.

‘Both were stunned.

They remained senseless a long time.’ ;

When'they finally recovered, they found themselves bound

hand and foot, aching, cut and bruised, and mzzdzbm& by |

the densest darkness.
Both recovered at about the same time.
Wondering what had happened, Old King Brady omzmmu
“Harry |” '
“Ah!” answered a voice.
“You’re alive yet, thank the Lord.”
“Tt’s a relief to know that you are, too, Old King Brady.”
#T’m awfully sore and my hands and feet are bound.”
“And I’m in exactly the same condition.”
“Whereabouts are you ?” . ,
- “Lying on the floor against a wall.”
“Wait. Tl roll over to you. Speak, to gnide me.”
_The boy chatted and his partner soon reached him. -
It was comforting to be fogether even if they were prison-
€rs.
“What an artful woman Fan Toy is,” Harry exclaimed.
. “Those were cleverly ooumﬁﬁoﬁmm chairs in which she
trapped ns.” .
“Where did we fall?. Into the cellar?”
"“Very likely, as the store was at the street level.”
“8he must have followed us down, found us senseless, and
had us bound this way,” commented Harry.
“The woman fears us.. We know {oo a.zsar for her safe-
ﬁd »”
aﬁ?: mrm has rendered us helpless ouoam& now. The
wonder is that we didn’t break our necks when we fell.
The distance we came down could not have been mummﬁ or
we would have been destroyed by the fall.”
“Hark! Isn’t that someone coming?” .-
They listened and heard the distant clatter of mooﬁmﬁmwm

As these sounds drew nearer every moment, they sud- |

.denly caught view of a candle light mwwuomogum through |
the gloom.
When the olow came nearer, they saw a QrEmEmn ro.EEn

o HFG:.Q» L3011 OIS
“Yo’ hungly ?”
& <®H¢V~. ” s

. “Me bling glub.”

“Who sent you down?”
“Fan Toy.” . . : ,

~ “Then she isn’t moEm to mg.qo us to %»E ?”
“Nope. Plenty eatee, &Ewmmy alle sam’.”
“In that case she don’t intend to murder us, »
“No killee, so be.”

“Where are we—under Q:oam mab Chong & Qo. 8 store 2

“Takee way flom dere. Dis Pell stleet.”

“s that so? How long have we been here?” .

“Dis Monday merning, Mister: Blady.”

“Thunder! We've been senséless a woum time, haven’t
“ %mw Howee fleel m: Lo
“Oh, we're all right now. Are we E&oa your joint, Ah |

Sid?”
“8o be,” agsented the Eobmorg with a nod and a mﬂu
“How did we get here?».

"“Under glound.” - -

“Ah, yes! by one of the secret passages you ooo_am rmdm
dug from house to house all over this neighborhood. I know
all*about those secret-passages. - Been through them myself.
How long does the OwE.B Queen intend to keep us ~8w&
up here?” .

“No sarvy.” -

“Well, Ah’ m& ” wﬁm OE NSm wS&a “how are we' 8
eat?” .

“Me feedee msmm samee 55 ”

“Very well. That’s kind of you. Just leave your candle
here until you return, old chap. We don’t like this ddrk-
ness, you know, and its quite a ireat to ?ﬁm even ?& omu-
dle light.” . .

“Belly nice. Me leavee him candle.”

He stood it on the floor and departed to get the food.

N

‘When Ah Sid was gone, Old King Brady rolled over to" -*.
the candle and, bending over the flame, held his bonds in" .

it.

The old detective’s sleeve caught afire several times, but.
by rolling on it he extinguished the flames.

He finally succeeded in burhing the rope in two.

Before Ah Sid came back the detective got his arms free,
drew his pocket knife, severed the bonds on his ankles, and
‘then liberated Harry as quickly as possible.

“That’s one on Ah Sid and his candle,” chuckled the old

S et

K
3

P VAN

"

P S NPV SR N

.

A

--- Page 12 ---
SwrTR SEEEG Yy e T ATAR 4afi M el AR A ARty phesss Al
couple of bowls of chop suey and rice they woabo& on EE
from both sides,

While Old King Brady grasped him by the throat to
prevent any outcries bringing him assistance, H.sz.w bound
and gagged him.

The two bowls fell to-the floor and were mEmwv&

A gurgling cry burst from the startled Chinaman’s lips.

His struggles were unavailing, however, and they soon
laid him upon the floor, utterly unable to do anything.

Picking up the candle, Old King Brady said to the fran-
tic prisoner:

“Much obliged for leaving this light, Ah Sid. It served
to burn off our bonds. Of course, we regret the necessity of
being so rough and impolite to you, but our freedom de-
mands it. Tell Fan Toy we won’t forget her rudeness in a
hurry, and just tell her that we’ll soon E:S her where she’ll
do ne more harm.”

- They strode over to the stairs and ascended.

Their captors had taken their pistols, handcuffg and valu-}

ables when they bound the Bradys in the cellar.

‘Being unarmed, and in bad physical condition, the offi-
cers did not fancy risking a fight when they ascended the
stairs. - 5

Finding ?mBmw?om in a owEmwo fancy goods store, gm
observing a good-looking young Celestial clerk, a:% darted
out-into’ Pell street:

It was broad daylight, but quite early in the morning:

- Running over to the Bowery, the Secret Service men .

boarded a ear, Tode up-town and went home..

Here they examined and doctored their injuries, had ﬁﬁ:.
breakfast, changed their clothing for disguises, and prepared
to sally forth and find some, trace of the Opium Queen."

With the general appearance of well-to-db .business men,
wigs on their heads and beards on their faces, the Bradys
were unrecognizable. : -

“By.going at once to one of the resorts she mumnzmim

we may catch her before Ah 8id regains his freedom and in-

forms her of our escape,” said 01d King Brady. “We will
thus take her by surprise, Harry.”

“And when you meet her ?”

“1 E«mum to pull her in, on a %mnmm of criminal assault
with intent to kill,” awr& the old detective. “That will
suffice to secure her conviction so that we can keep her in
the cooler at wwmo_ngvm H&E& for a short term. By re-
moving rmw we may put a stop to the smuggling.”

Just as’ they weré about o mmvwa the aowrouo rang in
their room.

rTT AT fes . S TT. T e e aa

4

nn I.-.;)»l S A .3 1)

[ ~
“We’ll come right down to see you, sir.”
“Very well. Good-bye.”
And the Chief Eum off.
Telling his partner what was ‘said, the boy hurried out

with him, and they proceeded at full speed to Headquar-

ters. )

When they reached the Central Office, and went in, they
found the Chief mBo_aam a cigar and talking to an Ewm:T
mmuﬁoowu._m 'Chinaman, clad in the costume of an Ameri-
can. . .

“Hello, Jo 1” cried the old detective. “We are the, wz_&..
Disguised now. Don’t stare. Witat’s the new wrinkle those
noﬁuwdspwb of yours are up to? We want to mwoa their
little game.”

A
CHAPTER VL
. FIGHTING THE HIGHBINDERS,

“T’ll tell you what ails B.m“: said Jo Sung, when he and

 the Bradys were seated in secret conference with the Chief.

“The Opium Queen found out zz.# I gave her smuggling

-game away to you, and as she' was determined to avenge

herself upon me, what do you think she did ?»

“Don’t know, I'm sure,” said Old King Brady. "

“Got the m.pig Hong or syndicate to buy out the Tsz Fa
Chong or Riddle Game Union which controlled all the games

in Chinatown. mma first move was to have me fired out.

‘As the Fly-loo game, Chinese Demino game and all the
opium joints and fantan games are now amalgamated under
one head, or trust, I am done for. Fan Toy is at the head
of the syndicate. I used to be the “Pooh Bah” of China-
town; now I’'m a back number. I was educated in Yale.
College, and I haven’t got a cent. I wish you could place

. me in a job.”

“You might become a detective and work in our interest
about the Mongolian section,” mnmmm.gmm the Chief, meubo.
his cigar.

“Can I?” mmmﬁ._% mmw& Jo.

“Yes. But you'll have to keep it a secret.”

“«“Qh, I’ll do that all right.” '

“(Consider yourself employed, then.”

“Thank you. I feel better now.”

“Detail briefly what you know about this new smuggling

scheme.” ‘ .

UTEn a vrarer vl a vmatdeae 1 wanliad ThA «© A nacen Al arven

--- Page 13 ---
LLLLIE WLy Hitall W ially v by iﬁ.mc.—.— WO L Leiglbuiiivou vt
Terrell’s Cut siding.”

“And then?” .

“Q@et it over the border.”

“We are familiar with that neighborhood,” said O1d NEM
Brady. “You know that many Chinamen smnggle them-
selves into the United States. Well, Terrel’s Cut siding is
a favorite place for them-to pass from the Canadian to the
American gide.”

“Between that town and Paquetteville,” continued Jo
Sung, “there is a rendezvous in which the‘smugglers are to
meet the Opium ozmﬁ_.

»

It’s an old farm-house on the
American side, owned by a Chinaman who has made a for-
tune smuggling his countrymen over the border.” i
“Have you any idea when Fan Toy omwooﬁm to depart ?”
“On Wednesday at noon,”
“How did you learn all this ?”
.“By secretly listening to a dialogue in “pigeon- Muqrmv
carried on by Fan Toy and the Chinaman Ching Foon, who
lives up on the border. He had come down and made the
sale of opium to her yestérday. They were in Li Chin Pon’s

fantan joint, i’ Doyers street, when I overheard what they |

said. They remarked that you two had E&mﬁdﬁmm their
barter yesterday in back of the tea store.”

#0Oh! I remember thge Chinaman she had with rﬁ. ? gaid
Old King Brady. “He left her when we approached. So
that’s the smuggler of Chinamen at the border, eh?” We'd
know him if we ever met EE again. He’s a pretty ?.omwmu-
ous-looking man.”

“He won’t be prosperous very long,” chuckled Jo. “ He,
like all Chinamen, is an inveterate gambler, and has already
fallen victim to the ‘cappers’ who go about the streets of
Chinatown roping in suckers for the lotteries. They’ll
have his leg HE:& out of uoﬁw before they get through with
him.”

“When is he going vmow P .

. “To-morrow morning.”

“Do you know where he lives?”

“No,” answered Jo, shaking- his head.

“We had better get on his trail at once. mﬁ.ﬂﬁ won cah
pursue him fo his place on the border, mbm 'l follow on
Fan Tan’s trail.”

“Very well,” assented the boy. “Where can we find him
now, Jo?”

“He seems to fator ms Foo Hﬂz Chin Company’s place,
at 32 Mott street.” :

“We'll go up there now.”

“Don’t. It’s useless at present.”

‘

{

room.

TP EARAL & LAVVAL- VY ALV VY 141 th -\:hc-hm: WALLLIL VALV WL :ﬂ.—.d AR AL
by three men inside.
One was the manager, who oob@d&& the drawings, an-

|other was the secretary, who recorded the bets, took the

money and gave out the tickets, and the last man had
charge of the drawing board, on which the numbers were
placed and from which the winning, numbers were marked -
out in red ink after the drawing was finished.

The detectives keenly sized up the excited and gibber-
ing Mongolians who packed the room, in search of Ching
Foon, but he was not seen. :

“Hasn’t arrived yet,””commented Harry.

“We'll wait. Jo Sung ought to be here soon.”

They watched,the game going on.

_ Players went to the little window, sang out the numbers
they wanted and they amount of money they wished to play.

The secretary recorded the bets and gave out the tickets, -

In the game there were eighty numbers pasted on the
board, in fourTows of twenty each, and tickets furnished to

the playexs were numbered with corresponding characters,

written in Chinese,

When the drawing mo% place, the manager tore the eighty
slips of paper bearing the numbers from the board, mixed

them thorouglily, rolled them into four piles of 3&.@ each,
and put the four rolls in a box.

A gambler was then wmds&om to select a ao:

The other three rolls were destroyed.

The selected roll contained the winning numbers.

All these slips were pasted on a board and displayed to
the players, who compared their tickets with them. If they
had corresponding numbers they won, and cashed in.

" The manager made about 65 per cent. of each drawing,
for a player had to select at least six numbers that came out
to make a winning, in which case he gained two dallors for
every dollar he invested.

Before the game was closed, Jo m:um, hastily entered ?o

He looked GSE& ’

Going straight to the Bradys he izmwma&

“Ching Foon is coming!” .

“All right. Get away now,” answered Old King Brady.

A tall Chinaman, with a face covered with smallpox pits,
saw the action of Jo, and as he knew the Bradys, and was
aware that Jo had lost his job on account of his friendliness
to the police, he scowled darkly.

This man was the chief of the Hip mEm Tong, or mymv-
binders, society, which is moEmﬁrEm liké the Italian Mafia.

His name was Hyson Oolong, and he suspected Jo of

5

.
LT SN

. P it ke

< Retaar o P b . Y

(3]
.,

R

VAW e,

--- Page 14 ---
S T T ETT EERRTTO e SRA S22 2 AN AAAAL B 4 RPLl AVA

Jo and, surrounding him, shook their fists in his face, yelled
at him in Chinese, accusing him of treason, and some of
them struck him. "

Seeing that he was in danger of his life; poor Jo yelléd :

“Help, Brady, they are gointg to kill me for befriending
you.”

Never ﬂiEm to debate the trouble and 585 Euob res-
oﬁbm the'new Secret Service spotter, they rushed to his aid.

Into the crowd they plunged like a cyclone.

Out shot their powerful fists right and left.

Every time they saw a Chinaman’s head they hit it.

A furious chorus of yells arose as the Chinamen recoiled,
and many went down before the battering ram of fists.

“Jo! join us and strike out !” cried Harry. ,

“T’ll give them a taste of this,” replied the Chinaman, ag
he drew a billy and laid about him. “I’m on the force now !”

And whack! went his stick against a shaven m_cp: with

almost force enough to crack it in two.

Away rushed the horde, and the mmﬁ.aﬁémamgmz their

way to the -door, intending to'make zum:. amomwm into the
m#mm_” )
Observing this, m%mow Oo_oum rallied his men, 8& as

" they made a second rush for Jo and the m&mﬁugm ‘nany of

kS

the gang pulled daggers #oE .&m:. b_ozﬁm“ Eemumﬁ_m »o use
them. ’

“Draw your guns,and fire quick, boys; or ﬁ@ﬁ m& m»mw&
into mince-meat !” cried Old King'Brady. = ™ - +

- Out came their pistols and, leveling ?mur they wm&m&
,up against the wall and held the savage’ woaw&a _Sa\

.

CHAPTER VIL

. A REGULAR QPIUM JOINT,

’

The gang came to a sudden halt when they caught view
of those grim Sm.mm.oum aimed squarely at their heads.

-Every one of them knew that the bullets could reach
them hefore they could reach the Chinaman and the officers
with their daggers. !

As the Bradys glanced at the array of angry %ozos faces
in front of them, they were startled to observe that some of
them were the smugglers who had been trying to- m& the
opium ashore from the steamer Peking:

Pour of them, Old King Brady observed, were ?m voﬁ-

men who had wrecked their gkiff, and five or gix more Harry

o Y . thn adane e Lad arne od .U:—l L . T A S

OUVILID ULl Wl sdllUITIS (WUR 11i51i0 4allll 1iC4,

Reaching the boatmen, the Bradys each seized two men.

Jo, armed with the detectives’ weapons, now begsn to shoot
over the heads of the lottery players.

Thinking they were going to get shot, the now ?o_.oﬁmzu
scared Celestials went m%Em out the door with streaming
pigtails. .

. “Drag them out, Old King Brady,” wmuﬁ&. the boy,

“Qo ghead. Jo, keep us protected.”

“T’ll guard you safe enough,” answered the Chinaman.,

Out they went, dragging the kicking, struggling and ‘yell-
ing prisoners with them, and the moment Jo had a chance

‘to relax his vigilance, he took their handcuffs from their

wo&aa and secured the four Mongolians.
" That made the Bradys’ task easier, and they recovered
their pistols.

An enormous’ mmﬁm o.m QEEEmb gathered rounéd them in
the street and ‘?m vﬂwoumum piteously mwwm&mm 3 them for
“help. .

With their sympathy muozmmm for as:. countrymen, the
mob was going to attack the detectives and rescue them,
when the detectives opened fire ypon z_mE with a defer-
mined air and drove them back.  ; o

Several were slightly wounded.

When ‘they fell, it showed the _ummﬁ how mmummaczm it

would be for them to interfere with the regplute detectives.

They therefore kept back at a respectful %mﬁmbgv and
shouted all sorts of direful threats that they r&ﬂx the
courage to carry oﬁ

“We’ve got z:wE mﬂmzmzmm ” observed Old King wa.m.m%

“ And we’ll keep them so,” Harry added.

They went over to the Bowery, with their prisoners, and
as a cab chanced to be going by, they hailed it.

Old King Brady crowded in with the four prisoners,

“To the Elizabeth street police station,” said Harry."

Bang ! went the door shut, and off rattled the cab.

Harry and Jo boarded a car.

They reached the station almost as soon as the carriage,
and when they entered they A the captain at the desk.

“T told you we’d arraign mon QrEﬁosS ?.-moumwm before
you ere long,” saidsthe boy.

“What's the charge ?” mumm%om the omwgnr

“Felonious assault.”

The pedigrées of the mimobmwm were taken as Jo translated
the questions and answers, and they were ~oow& up.

‘When this was done Jo Hm? them.

The Bradys changed' their appearfnce, and Harry, in the
acarvh Af a +nmah 1anking hondlhim  refurned o the lattore

--- Page 15 ---
S4bdb ptiiid, vaid Auldlg Dlady sealdllcd Lhe Gives 01 wiallis
atown for the Opium Queen, disguised as a soldier,

He finally made ‘a purchase in a Chinese mu.oomu% store,
and asked the clerk: -

%Do you kmow where I can find Fan Toy?”.

“What for woz wantee know ?” curiously asked the QvE-.

aman. :
“I've got a very important message for her on business.”
* “You knowee Joss Hotise ?” B

“In Mott street ?” ’

Anﬁwv »

“T have been in the place.”

:dv-m::u lestelant, up-stairs.smokee ~8B undee Joss
loom.” )

“I know the place well.” ’ .

“You know smokee place ?” .

“0f course. Is she there?”

The Chinaman nodded assent. -*°

01d King Brady thanked him, and went around the cor-
ner. , .
The Joss House was in a tall brick building, and up ane
flight the detective found a Chinese restaurant. *

Onvthe floor above, the hall formed #n L, and w@ looked
in the front room and‘saw three Chinese.

One 3at on a wooden chair, dozing, near the big ﬂ:&oﬁ
which gave aceess to an iron balcony; anether lay upon a
bamboo mat omr the floor, with a wooden block under w_n
head, fast asleep.

" The \aE.m man was lying on a Em‘ wooden EE@ with his
. bare feet and legs up in the air against-the wall next to the |

open window, while he clutched an opium pipe with his
teeth and cooked a-pill in the flame of a little aleohol lamp.
01d King Brady went in.
“Hey, John Chinaman !” he sang out.
, The man at the window mrwmw& arose and pgu.oofoa_
am_cum
“Whatee want ?” S
“Fan Toy.”
“Not here.”
“Where is she ?”
“Dunno.” . »
“In the joint in back?” . L}
“Mebbe.” - . o -
“How do I get in?» )
“Knockee door, an’ say “‘Hop Gow,” mmoo mva i
“Thank you.” - '
The detective went to the dmow of the hall.

AHRAL L auvantt AV WAl Mg By T e o
gave him half a dollar and passed in. ' . . .
He found himself in a regular o@EE “_oEa m:or as are

-most common in OEuv_”oﬂu

It was a 358 room, with a bare board floor, m:.@ pa- -
per on the wall, to which a 8&% om mumumw wmuommbm om
lamps were fastened.

At one side some rough, wooden bunks were ?:: againet
the wall, in which 1ay half a dozen white people and Chinese,
all of whom were “hitting the pipe”—i. e.,-smoking opium..

A solitary Mongolian was attending to their wants, and
‘the door-keeper spoke to him and returned: to hig post.

The attendant pointed to a F_Bw and Old King wa&«
nodded.

He had cast a quick glance & mum g??@m of the a_mg
and was amazed to see Fan Toy lying in one of the dirty -
bunks, the same ag the most depraved smoker, So_auw 8 E:. :
and mEowEm . :

She was such an E<m8§$ ovEE fiend that mwa» like
all other unfortumte vietims of the drdg, did mot-care -
where she smoked it, when mrm got a wo?me or aESam m@a
the stuff. :

. The girl was F&m mﬁﬂw& from having consumed a dozen
opium pills, and-paid no heed to the officer. . ,

Degsiring Emumq to keep her shadowed, Old WEW Brady
lay down_ in' the bunk the Chinaman %ﬁmnpgm E& was
furnished with a smoking outfit. .

The old detective prétended to mBo_mm T

“ In ordes to BBmE unmolested he kept vzugm ?:? mum
saw the: O?Ev Queen fall asleep.

She remained there until nearly. E&Bmi ere mrm mﬂmw-
ened. Then she ma., up, and went out.

014 King Brady ﬂmﬁ after her.

Upon reaching the v»; he missed her.

“Where in thunder did she disappear to so E?&w ?” he
muttered, blankly, as he stared around. -

Then he began to hunt for her. )

" CHAPTER VIIL.
MEETING OF THE DETECTIVES,
The detective noticed a dull, half stupid expression upon

the Opium Queen’s face when she departed from.the joint. .
Her features were set and pale, and there was a glassy -

There he found a glass door'in the side passage, with a [look in her large, dark eves, for her brain had not vet re-

--- Page 16 ---
m&o»@ of him, and he began to calculate where she QEE
have gone'in that brief space of time,

At the end of the side passage was a door, with a transom
above it;-and he wondered if she were béehind that.

Softly approaching, he. peered through the keyhole.

A dimly lighted bedroom met his view.

It was furnished with luxurious taste.

In this Toom stood the Queen before a mirror, preparing
to disrobe and retire to the bed.

Satisfied that he had discovered her private sleeping
apartment 01d King Brady left the building.

“8he will got to bed and won’t get up until morning, in
the statg she now is in,” he muttered.
. To make sure of 1ot losing her, when he reached the street
and met Jo he womﬁmm the faithful mmzoﬁ 3 watch the Em%
over night. - . -

He then went home.

Hmﬁ% on the following morning, clad ina S.mﬁwrwm cos-
tume, he had breakfast and went to Mett mﬂ.moe e !
Jo was on duty.” . -

“ Any sign of her yet?” 0ld N:um wu.m% mmw&

“No,” replied the Chinaman.
. “You may go. ”

“T'm tired, &Eumq and m_%a »

Jo departed. - - - -

Shortly after he had gone a ‘coach -came up 1o zua Joss
House, and from his hiding-place‘in a doorway across the
street the old detective saw two Chinese carry out a trunk.

It was put on the vehicle, - -

Fan Toy followed it, in civilian costume. -~ .

The coach was driven off with her. o

01d King Brady, anticipating this, followed in a cab.

At the Grand Central he saw r&. ?G a ticket and have
the driver check the trunk.

Standing near the driver the mﬁﬁ@:& heard him say:

“Check, please.”

-“Where to?” queried the wong-..

“Quebec, Canada.” -

“Very well. Show your ticket.”

When the man got his ¢heck he returned to the waiting-
room, where Fan Toy sat, and gave her the brass disc.

Old King uwwm% smiled, and bought a ticket for @E%m@
too. -

 He was a consummate actor, and was well made yp, in fine
clothes, a high-hat, and.wore an iron-gray beard, moustache
*and Sm. while his awmwwoaw were o&oa& to match the false

hair. :

- o e - - . -« 4

« S o T T E e T MR Y T AAAER WAAEERE AT AR YTy VY
H
}
¥

—— Y

foeFasste

“Céme w&.@ please?” ghe exclaimed. :

“Yes, ma’am. What can I do for you, ma’am?” asked
the porter.

“I’ve lost my diamond brooch. ‘Wil %o: help me to find
ﬁ» 224

“Certainly I will, ma’am. Where did you lose it 77

“In my seat somewhere.”

“Are you sure?”

“Oh, yes. Ihad it on when I sat down. I saw it in that
mirror between the window psnes. Just now I missed it.
The pin must have become unfastened, giving it a chance
to fall off.” ,

“Qet up, please, and I’ll examine the seat.” ' .

She arose and the darky went down on his hands and
krees.

She looked on, very much distressed, for zpm pin was valu-
able and she did not wish to lose it.

Old King Brady -overheard zs conversation.

.. He became interested.

OmmnEm his glance moﬁu on the floor he omsmE 463 of a
sparkling object and picked it up. .

It was a handsome sunburst set with twenty &mBou@m

Rising afd -approaching Fan Toy, he politely raised his
hat; held out the pin, and asked, pleasantly:

“Madam, is this your pin??

“Yes,” he cried, eagerly, as che flashed a grateful m?:@
at him. “ Thank you. Where did you find it ?”

“It must have rolled over near my seat.” .

““You were very kind indeed to get it for me.”

“Don’t EmbSoa it, E@mmnr T am pleased to be of service
to you.”

“I guess yer don’t need me no more,” said the porter,
rising. .

“No, thank %onvs 335& Fan Toy. ’

“Then I’ll move along,” said the porter, mmwmiubm

“He was moooEBomiEmw E&i&w: gaid . the Opium
Queen.

“Most of the r&w on the cars are.”

«T wish I had asked him to close my window.”

“Permit me to do so for you.”

- And the old detective closed the window.

She gave him & winning smile, and ﬁgww& ?E again,
very prettily.

“Railroad trips are so' monotonous,” she _.m.,.u.muw&.

“Yes,” sighed Old King Brady. “Especially when one

goes far.”,
“Are you going a mummﬁ &mguao i
F{& p YUY ¥ MUY WY o YR WL ©

--- Page 17 ---
aha 1.dm sure 1 wontg regret it, Mr—mr.——" .~ T 1es.”

“My name is Barney Keen. And yours?” “Anything unusual wmgou o
“I am Mrs. Lilly McCoy.”" “Nothing, Absolutely nothing.” . )
“Now we know each other, T vovm you will not hesitate “You were luckier than 1.7 .
-to call on me for anything you may want during the trip.”|  “How?” o '
“Thank you very much.” ~ . . . . “Well, you know I discovered QEc.m Foon?”’
And thus their acquaintance began, and the %833 41 do.”
siuck to her closely all through the long journey. “He gave me the mrv in ??ma% ”
On the following evening the train ‘reached Terrell’s oﬁ “But you found him again.” 1
“siding, and the Opium Queen said to the old %833 P | “Aftera m.nmmw deal of trouble. I s.moom EE home.” “

“T am going to leave you here, sir.” - | “Then you’ve seen the rendezvous ?”
“Ain’t you going through to Quebec?” *~ “Was found lurking about the place by a gang of Or:pmum i
“No. I've.changed my mind.” = . . friends and they mistook me for a revenue officer, gave, me”
“Well, I'm sorry to lose so mmummmzm an acquaintance.”. |4 beating, tied me on Sa back of an E_&mgmmm& horse, uum
#1_am sure the feeling is 39@388@ ” she uwwrmm gra-| drove it off.”

ciously. . <+ | “Youhad a wild Emamgm ride.”
“Can I help %oz with your baggage ?” o« Huo_.mmoz% awful while it lasted.”
“No, Ithank you. Good-by.” .“How did you manage.to mmnmwoﬂ:r a whole skin ?”
And the next moment she was gone. “Some border ruffians found and released me, and after :

0ld King Brady alighted on the other side of the train.| .sphing me of my <&§Emm and %Eﬁm the horse they Hmn
dove,into a clump of bushes and. &mmgmmgm from view. . - me go.”

The cats pulled out. “Good gracious! i_m» a QBQ you’ve been gﬁum ” Y
When they were gone, the detective saw Fan Ho% m_”m_:&um “T rveached Paquetteville and rode back to Terrell’s Cut .

i ou%rmwww“mwmwmw”wﬂm NMMWMm%MNM ind a QwEwEmﬂ alizht- m&Em. on the cars. Here'I stumbled across Ching Foon and
o 8 P P g a renegade revenue Officer. They. were coriversing. I lis--
.mmrw was none else Emb OEB Foon e . tened. The Chinee told the officer that he expected a rx&
Rushing up M.b the Queen W@ vm.mw.gw shook hands with of Canadian hay brought to his house to-morrow, and ad-..

. ] " i » - v ’

her, jabbered at her in piegeon English, and assisted her ﬁmmm the uwmu not to touch it.
into his carriage, while the station ‘master. and the coach- eh mm o that’s the way they smuggle zﬁ.mm over: ms vcwmﬁ.
~ man put her traps aboard, and’they drove off. « \ Y

0ld King Brady was about to follow them.when a hand | Done up in the wmw Yes ”
fell on his arm and a voice behind him growled: 1o We may capture their opium yet.”

«Hello, Qld Kinig Biady!” - “All depends upon our vigilance.”

He was deeply disguised, and wondered how »buéum in Mdﬁauo 18 ﬁ coming from?” . .
“this out-of-the-way place knew him by name, . Goolshire, o )

A figure $t60d behind him. : - _ ‘Do you know where go revenue ommos.m are. 8 ,am

Tt wag Harry. . found A
; - , . “At the Cut here, in the BS.Ebm »

. ) - “We must enlist their services.” .
o . “Good plan, for Ching has surrounded EEmmH» 5? a
, CHAPTER 1X. gang ,of yellow desperadoes, who- ﬂoug rmm:ﬁm 3 use vio-
A w - - , lence.”
.. LURED INTO AN AMBUSCADE. . Just then Fan Toy and o?:m Foon moﬁ into a oﬁdmma
o o “ < -| - Observing this; Old King Brady remarked :

01d King Brady was amazed to find his boy partner there,| “We'd better prepare to follow them, Harry.”
and, after shaking hands with Harry, he said: - ¢ “Don’t worry. Let them go. She'is going to be the Mon-'

“How on earth did you recognize me ?” o golian’s guest. I’ll know where to find her at his house.” *

’

~

--- Page 18 ---
e

Here they found an officer, with whom they held a long,
earnest conversation, and he promised to get them a pair
of saddle horses in the morning and to procure the assist-
ance of other officers,

On the following morning after breakfast Fa horses were
brought to them by half a dozen officers.

During the conversation that followed Old King Brady
said: : “

“As there are several roads leading from Cookshire into
Terrell’s Cut siding, two men had better patrol each road,
and stop any farmers or Chinamen they may meet who may
come along with a load of hay. If by ten o’clock we see
nothing of the parties we are after, we will meet at Ching
Foon’s place, rai@ it and find out if they’ve got the opium

- there. How does that plah suit

“It’s all right,” said one of the officers.  °

“No fime had better be lost, then, in starting o i

The Bradys kept together; on the- Canadian side of the
border, and in half an gﬁ. Harry pointed at a farm-house
and said: .-

“There’s Ching Foon’s place.” .

“Got Chinamen working in the fields.”

.:ES% are Emuﬁbm and S_mEm Chinese vegetables for
him.” \

“T syppose the Opium &ﬁoau i there now.”

“No doubt. She would not dare participate in the active
part of the maﬁmmrumv but has evidently come up here to
superintend the receipt of her drugs.”

“If she can’t get her opium by sea, she’s bound to by

\

- land. What elaborate plans she lays to save a few thou-

sand dollars of duty ont of which she is swindling the Gov-
ernment! That woman is.a dangerous person.” .

Just then ?mw turned a bend in the road and mﬁmmmaw
came face to face with Fan ‘Howw s&o was in s carriage with
Ching Foon.

She looked startled to see 01 NEm wgmuw and cried in-
voluntarily as her carriage paused to let them pass:

“Why, Mr. Barney Keen! I:thought you Smuw to Que-
bee?” -

‘01d King Brady did not losg his wammouom of mind, for he
burst out laughing and replied, quickly:

“Had.-to stop at Qoow&E.m on business with this gentle-
man.”

“Does it bring you « m%.B zzm way 7

“Not exactly. But I thought I might have the extreme
pleasure of meeting you mmBF and mou. that reason I’'m

here.”
T are a oreat Aatterer Mr. Keen.” *

“Do you think she suspects our identity?” -

“No. Why do you think she did ?” v

“The sharp way she eyed us.”

“T think that was merely a habit of hers.”

" Just then they heard a shout and looking back they saw
the carriage at a pause beside a clump of bushes.
" Ching was shouting and Fan Toy beckoning to them.

Wondering what they wanted, the detectives wheeled their
mounts and rode toward the carriage.

Just as they were passing the bushes, however, there
sounded the sharp cracks of several rifles among them.

Several bullets flew past the detectives’ heads, and a mo-
ment later they caught view of half a dozen Chinese laborers,
armed with rifles, crouching in'the bushes. .

“She suspects our identity,” gasped Harry, in alarm,
“and has called upon some of Ching’s men to form an am-
buscade, into which she tried to lead us.”

“The treacherous wretch!” mM&EEo@ old WEm wg&,
sumg?zw

“Q@oing to charge on them ?”

“No. Run from them. -The risk is too great.”

Several more shots now pealed out, and the bullets whiz-
zed by in the most dangerous proximity to the detectives.

Luckily for the Bradys, neither they nor their horses
were hit, and they quickly galloped out of range of ?mz.
enemies.

Following the road they had been pursuing they soon
left the Opium Queen’s party out of sight.

For several hours they pursued this road.

Toward noon-time they observed a moving oSmo» in ad-
vénce coming toward them, and when it drew nearer they
saw that it was a team of horses drawing a load of hay.

“There’s our plant now,”. muttered the hoy. .

“Look at.the Chinaman driving the team.”

“We’ll stop him and upset his load.” .

Planting themselves in the middle of the road they &.oﬁ
their revolvers and patiently waited for the wagon.

When it was near enough they aimed their weapons at
the driver. ;

“Halt1” cried Old King Brady.

The Mongolian pulled in his team.

At the same moment the load of hay opened in a dozen
different places and the heads of some Chinamen who were
buried in the mass suddenly appeared.

Each of them carried a revolver.

.

—_—

--- Page 19 ---
“Tell st. w&m 8 mmw o& om ﬁ.& load of www
“Whatee want, anyway ?”

-“The opium you’ve got hidden there.”"
“No habee opium, boss.” .
“Oh, yes, you havel Are you geing to call off those

men?”’

-“No. Allee my fliends.”

“Then we’ll have to drive them out for you.”

-

As 01d King Brady spoke, he and Harry drove thei
horses at a gallop toward the hay and the concealed China-
men began to shoot toward the pair, with poor aim.

They were intensely excited.

Fearless of the bullets that were flying mvoi 92? the
gallant pair dashed ahead, and Harry cried:

“Set fire to the hay!” -

As quick as a flash they drew matches from their pock-

,ts, and upon reaching the wagon they drew rein.

In'a moment more the matches were lighted, and flames
leaped. up. ‘

The breeze fanned the fire. .

It spread with terrific speed over the whole load.

Up leaped the flames, and yells of consternation woam.m
from the lips of the OwEmEmu as they came tumbling out
of the load. ,

Had they remained they sosE have been roasted to death.

A cloud of smoke shot in the air, and the terrified driver
leaped to the ground and ran away.

No more weapons were discharged, for the armed Chinese
who had“been buried in the load of hay forgot everything
except their mad anxiety to save their lives.

The horses became frightened and began to prance.

“Cut the beasts loose, mﬁ.& 1” cried the old detective.

Out came the vow s knife and he severed the traces.

Rendered mambra by the roaring, glaring, vEBEm fire
behind them, the horses falloped madly away.

The Bradys burst out laughing as the last of the mEmom

.. Chinamen alighted and the rope that held the hay ‘on the

-

I

vagon parted with loud reports.

Soon the fire grew fiercer.

“If there’s any opium in that load,” laughed Harry, “it
wil be well cooked by z% time the fire gets through playing
with it.”

“Look at the Chinks EEEW away.”

“Capture them, 01d King Brady.”

Spurring their horses, they galloped after the crowd of
fleeing Chinamen, who were gpeeding along the road.

“Hold on ﬁ_ﬁ.m Snmoﬁpm | you _c %oﬁ& OE NEm wg&

~a . a .9 'ty

“No shootee” ué:mm one of them, v

Up to the crowd dashed the detectives, mbm mws dis-
mounted while his partner kept the. w%os mepn g¢overed
with his pistol. .

“I’m going to bind you mmzosm,: said the v&w “and if
any of you offer the slightest resistance my partner here
will put an end. to you with his m:w ” .

They understood him. ‘

Not a man resisted when he u_“ouo a_m:, Eoﬁm@ mS.Bmm
strips and pinioned their arms w@cﬁm their backs.

In fact, they dared not move. 5

Each one saw that grim weapon in the old %8&2%
hands staring down at them, and knew if ?mw &:.om to

| move it might seal -their doom.".

It occupied some time for the Bradys S secure the lot,
and Harry then drove them Emo a w&d of mgaw back to the
wagon. ;

By that time the fire had burned :mmm out.

The load of hay was consumed.

Only a cloud of smoke arose from the ashes, - .

Seizing the wagon on one side, the Bradys -upset the

'

‘high framie structure, dumping. the embers into the 3&

“No opium in that load,” Harry comménted.
“Then this wagon was a' EEm ™o -
.%8o it seems.”

....

“Had there been any opium hidden in the load it would
not have been consumed so quickly as this by the flames.
And it certainly.would have left some trace behind.”

“You don’t see any evidence here of opium gﬁum woou
in the load of hay, do you ?”

“No. Not a vestigé.”

“Then they have tricked us,” said the boy.

“Moreover,” Old King Brady went on, “we can’t do any-.
thing to these'sly Chinamen. They have not broken thé
law. They have done nothing to deserve arrest. They
have a right to ride in that load of hay. Moreover, they
were justified in drawing pistols and defending themselves
when we attacked them.™

“Tn that case we must let them go free?”

“Yes! Hark! What’s that?”

The dull pounding of distant horses’ hoofs reached their
ears. .

Tt came from around a bend in the road. :
Glancing 8#8.@ if, the Bradys ﬂmgw& waited and lis-

-

1 #.bom

Nearer and still’ nmﬁ.mu came the modb% every moment. .
. 37%7...%%. .7 NN s


--- Page 20 ---
into view in hot pursuity of the quartet.

They were firing back at the fugitives.

“What in thunder does this mean ?” gasped Harry.

“The revenue officers are after them:”

“Perhaps they are carrying the opium in those bags.”

“I shouldn’t wonder.” v

A chorus of yells escaped the four horsemen when they
gaw the Bradys and realized that they were plunging
straight toward the two officers.

Swerving .to the left they.rode off the road across the
fields. -

-“Head them off |” yelled one of the revenue ommoﬁ.m. Tec-
ognizing the Bradys. ‘

“What have they done ?”” demanded the old detective,

“Q@ot the opium.” .

“All right1” .

And _om&um the ten ‘bound Chinamen, the detectives went
clattering along in hot pursuit of the four srgugglers.

“Now I see thréugh the game,” panted Old King wy.mm.ﬁ
as they raced after the Chinamen.

“What do you mean ?” queried Harry. ,

“Fan Toy, as we know, suspected our character. She
knew then that we were here to baffle her game. That ac-
counts for the ambush into which she so cunningly lured

» 5
by [{3 s&g Mvv

z._wmm_sﬁm that we might know how her game was to
be worked, she mist have sent some .one to Beﬁ@ the men
who had the opium in charge. To lead us astray they sent
cn the wagon load of hay, while these four men rode off in
another direction with the parcels of opium. By dividing
our forces, these two revenue officers detected and chased

the ones who had the opium, while we were being foold by |

the load of hay.”

. “That must have been the- mmBo,x laughed Harry.
" “We are gaining on them now.”

“8ee if we can’t drop their horses from under them.”
" As this plan gave promise of putting a speedy end to
the race, the Bradys took rapid aim at the flying beasts and
fired, -

Down went two of the horses, throwing their riders.
On swept the other two men,
Bang! bang! went two more shots, and the remaining
horses fell to the ground in the throes of death.
The four men were now checked in their mad flight.

»

~

And their hands flew up and they fell on their knees.

“Secure them !?” gaid Old King Brady.

The bridles of the dead and disabled horses sufficed to
bind the four, and when Harry finiched he opened one of
the packages which the fugitives had been carrying.

It was filled with fine opium.

The grade was of a kind upon which there was a high
duty. .

“Just as we expected !”” said the boy.

“Opium ?” mc.mﬁmm his wmunbma.

“Y es,”

Just then the two revenue officers dashed up to them, and
broad smiles of satisfaction crossed their faces when Emw
chserved that the Chinamen were prisoners.

“] see you've got them,” said one.

“Yes, and they’ve mow the dope,” Harry answered.

:gﬁﬁﬁﬁ 24
. “About five hundred wocumm »

“Ain’t they the ones you were after?”

“No doubt of it. I'll question them, though.”

The boy turned to the Chinaman- is. spoke English.

. “What’s your name ?” he demanded.

“Hop Sing,” was the humble reply.

“Where do you live ?”

“In Quebec.” ’ . .

“Where did you get this opium P»

“In Quebeec.”

“From where ?”

“The steamer Victoria.”

“How did you get it here?”

“The stuff was unpacked from its case on the steamer
and tsken ashore in a row boat during the night. The
empty case, guarded by an officer from the Custom’ House,

.

| was sent to the bonded warehouse.”

“And then?”

“We carried the opium here.”

“Who do you mean by ‘we.’ I'd like to know ?”

“My three friends and a dozen other Chinamen.”

“Didn’t you transport it from ———ville in a load of
hay ?” .

('es, until

“Fan Toy sent you word we were on the lookout for it #”

“That’s it. Who told you she did ?”

“Never mind. That’s my business.”

“We concealed some of our men in the hay and took the
opium on horseback,” said Hop Sing.

“To make 2 dummv of the load of hav and fool ns 2


--- Page 21 ---
" e S

wo: ve got za m?h without serious trouble i& mou; you HESEM ina umm.oiu of what they had moooEw:mw& to
let usigo? You can’t gain anything by holding us.” their Chief, they set about to ascertain if the Opitm Queen
“We pan gain your conviction on a charge of smuggling.” | had returned to the metropolis.
“But what good will that moo Ain’t wo: satisfied to get| “We must keep the fact of our return 8 mmouoﬁ from Fan

+he opium ?» , - Toy,” the old mﬁm&:a told the boy. “We' can thus take
am&r Hop mEmv do you imagine the mmai mﬁ.ﬁom was | her by surprise.”
" only organized to recover contraband goods ?” , | “She’s a very sharp girl,” Harry answered, ambm our |
- “Principally to recover property.” -~ - greatest safety lies in selecting a suitable msmﬁmm before

- \
“You.are mistaken. Our principal business is ‘to capture | we show- oﬁm&«dm m@mE in Chinatown.”

and punish Fﬂ.vammwaumf uuoamuSEa Wwe recover .E.ow. “ ZozuEm eagier than that,” said Old NEm Hwnmm% “So

erty.” - ) many Italians abound in Mulberry Bend; close to China- .
.“Oh, ‘you’ve got it in for us, and sﬁ; 8 ?:4 us because town, that I will assume the guise of one of them.” A
we ?.a Chinamen.” o “And I,” added the boy, reflectively, “will make myself
% We simply wish to do our msq ,,Ex#.o 8 1o mv;o in :w as a tough wOSoQ boy, so zuo 36 characters will E:.s
Q:m,s . s monize.” .
. The revenue ,&.momu ao# asked :° m . ) “That’s an excellent plap. . Set toiwork.” ..
MWH% ve SWo them in?” - .~ B . At their ﬂom%Emm they had plenty of costuies.
« om th o C o Having selegted the ones they desired, and put them on,
. An m.w?:B . o "they next made up their faces with cdemetics, put the prop-
mBNn it. Co : . |er kind of wigs on, and made a ﬂoﬁ%&& change in their
“Shall we attend to the charge?” . T appearance. N
M Wish you would.” . .c . o Tt was late in ?m Emi ﬂ&mu they finished. -
How about this sonP Fan Ho%v A plan of action was then sketched ocr and ?3 mm-
- “We are moEm to ‘raid Ching Foon’s house and catch parted. . . w .
” .,
wow. Alone?” - B o “ |/ The boy passed Eg Mott street from mezums mmﬂﬁ.m

« | and the-man strode into Pell street from the wosﬁw

They. deemed ‘it far safer to keep separated, as Emw would
thus be less liable to attract attention.

ol WE@ Brady went half way down the block, turned
into a hallway, mmomzmmm a flight of stairs, and wwmm& into
a Chinese restaurant. )

. The wall of the room 85»5& many Chinese signs, on
/ colored paper, and the Emw-_mnmmm gEmm were oanﬁ?& v<
. .|many wmﬁ.oum

s *“No; with your ?_gmmv ﬁrm o%_ﬁ. revenue officers.”
»ﬁﬁmu. some further conversation with the: two officers, ?m
Bradys left them and hunted up their companions.
- The Chinamen were locked nup and their opium seized.
An hour mwmgma the detectives and zum revenue officers
Emo up to the door of Ching Foon’s rozmm and knocked.
.w‘@oﬁﬁum 1o reply, they burst i in z.o moou.
The house was empty.
‘The birds had flown.
. >u»§wmrum a raid, ‘when a spy Haoﬁsmm her of the
‘capture of her four agents and the opium, Fan Toy and

. A group of Mongolians sat 8.9:& one of the tables, moEm
HSEEW bowls of rice to their mouths and mwa&Em the con-,
her friends hastened away in a owd.Smﬁ deserting the tents in with ebony chop-sticks, others drinking tea, and
hase, still more eating mysterious foods 5? dawugozboamw_m
"The Bradys trailed them ‘to, Terrell’s Qﬁ m_mEm and { Rames.
‘there-learned that théey had boarded a train for New York| = Next to their table sat a moam.ooqu &mm Chinaman, »bm
two.hours previously.’ an elegantly dressed young woman, mmﬁbm cHop suey.
. They tried the ol plan of Emmamwr_sm the authorities of | At one glance Old King Brady recognized them.
the cities: ahead to capture the girl and her friends when| “Fan Toy and Ching Foon,” he commented. -
* {he train came in upon’ which they had taken passage. ~ He sloucheq over to their table and sat down at it.
"' But word soon came back that they had quit that partic-| They glanced at him E&w&»i@ as a waiter drew near:
ular train when it was fifty miles from Terrell’s Cut. ~ “Bringa me wana chop-s00’,” sdid Old King wum&,

N T Y L Y. T I 2 . T -1 « 6P b2vd rdmraceredh da dader me 2l o L 1Y v im e

--- Page 22 ---
Vi L :_._ﬂ., t._.ﬁ.c..v. Vi uolicvd v
shoulder as if it were a mere fly, g
said, quietly:

“You makit de standa back, John, an’ goa quick, t0o.”

“Table’s engaged,” said the Chinaman.

“This i$n’t a nicea t’ing youa do,” growled the detective.

“Go, or we'fire you out,” threatened the waiter.

“Try it,” retorted the detective, bridling up.

The waiter called the cooks and the proprietor, the other
waiters and all his friends who were in the place.

All told, they numbered a dozen.

. ~The Opium Queen and her companion had risen at the
* first sign of hostilities, and recoiled from the table.

As the Chinamen rushed forward, they got between the
Queen and the detective, but Ching Foon was not out of his
reach. ‘

0ld King Brady reached over and grabbed him.

Ching began to yell.

Raising the smuggler chief above his head as easily as it

wdiiltl O jlduldu divuvil o
lanced up at him and

he were an infant, the old detective hurled him at the gang.

"A roar went up from the S.oim

Ching struck in the midst of them. -

Down went three of the gang and the rest paused.

As-Ching scrambled groggily to his feet, Old King Brady
seized him again, and rushed him to the door.

The smuggler resistegs

He feared for his life. -

Picking the Chinaman up under his arm, Old King Brady ||

carried the kicking, yelling and squirming man down stairs
as easily as if he were of no weight at all.

“As I can’t get the Queen, I'll seize her ‘minion,” the old
detective cogitated. “He’s a good catch. I’ll-end his ca-
‘reer on the border this way. Fan Toy will come later.”

The astonished crowd of chattering Mongolians watched |

the detective’s feat of strength without offering to interfere.
By the time they got over their amazement, Old King
Brady had his man down on the sidewalk.
* Then they rushed after him, incited by Fan Toy.
Tt was enough for them that Ching was nat only a friend
of hers, but also a countrymen of their own.
Seeing them coming, 0ld King Brady faced the gang.

They had now armed themselves with various kinds of |°

weapons and hurled a volley at the old detective.
Quick as a flash he wheeled around, presenting QEum
Foon between his enemies and himself as a shield.
The missiles pounded Ching all over.
His howls were horrible to hear. .
‘ _wm.?sm the wsEmn _gmﬁ._ommm 0ld King u_ww»mw was mwmm.

”.-Nu.-.-::.ﬂa aatitiaxsy —ﬂ-o% witit viatliasi CCC.F—.FHO%EG.—.- f:ﬂaw. AMAAZ 2" mhg:
to see him escape his captor. .

As 01d King Brady rushed after him, the Chinese got in
his way and did everything they could to aid- Owﬁm Foon
to make his escape, °

One of them tripped the detective.

Down went 01d King Brady with a crash, but he quickly
arose again, and continued the pursuit vigorously.

A crowd got in his way.

They jostled and pushed him.

He doubled up his fists, struck out right and left, knock-
ing them down, and plunged ahead ,maﬁﬁ.:nam&%.

A policeman was told he was a thief. :

The officer rushed after him.

“Halt, or I’ll shoot!” he yelled. - N

Old King Brady was exasperated over these delays.

Every moment Ching Foon was widening the breach be-
tween them, and what he gained by sprinting he lost by de-
lays. t

Pausing an instant he exposed his shield.

The policeman saw it and paused.

“Go on!” he yelled.

Angry, he went back to find the Chinaman who lied to
him,

Through Pell street to the Bowery raced Ching Foon,
looking right and left for some sheltering r»: into which
to dodge.

But he saw no friendly avenue of escape.

So he kept right ahead. : . .

Out into the Bowery he rushed.

Here he imagined that he could give his wﬁ.mcﬁ. the mrw .
by mingling with the passing ‘erowd. .

But 01d King wam&. saw him.” ‘

He rushed after his man.

Seeing his enemy coming Ching dashed around :&8 .st
Bowery, and the detective chased him a block.

Gaining steadily ‘on the man, 45 King Brady finally
pounced on him, om:mr.” him by the neck, and brought him
to a sudden pause.

Both were panting hard for 53? but when the detec-
tive could speak, he exclaimed, in angry tones:

“You' can’t escape me, Ching Foon!”

“Let me go!” growled the Chinaman.

““I'm going to put you in uu: »

“For what ?»

“Smuggling opium.”

“I didn’t.” .

“Don’t lie!”

--- Page 23 ---
.

—douyve got the pest oI me at iast.”™ .
“And I'll keep my advantage, old chap.”

He brought the man to the police station and locked him

ap., .
- Then he returned to Chinatown to hunt for the Queen.

“It’s her turn next!” he muttered, grimly. “I’ll land
her, too. I wonder what has become of Harry.”

He returned to Pell street.

All the crowd was gone from the street. - .

Some of the Chinamen hanging around the doorways
and in the shops recognized him at once.

But as he did not have Ching with him they made no
effort to molest the old detective.

Upon reaching the corner of Doyers street, he peered up

»the. crooked block and saw some tough-looking citizens

standing before the door of Lavelle’s sporting house, close
to the bend, and the detective paused and asked them:

“Did any of you fellows see a young fellow with a red
handkerchief tied around his neck go by here recently ?”

“No,” replied one of them, mrmEuw his head. aaﬂsﬁ
name ?”

“That don’t Bmxou Do auw of you w..noﬂ w,g Toy, the
Opium Queen?”

[{3 .&Qm.!

" “Seen her?” - .

“Jist went in that saloon yonder, with some, Chinks.” .

0ld King Brady wondered at this.

Going over to the saloon in question, he suddenly heard
a myflled voice in the room shounting:

“Help! Help!”.

Bang! went a pistol shot.

In dashed 01d King Brady.

He found himself in the back room, which was m:mm with
chairs and tables, and caught view of half a dozen China-
men crowding through a door in the wall.

In the midst of them was a limp figure they were car-

.rying, and as the old detective omsmwﬁ view om it he mmmv&

_“Why, it’s Harry 1” i

" Fan Toy was not in sight.

Just then the door banged shut aftér the gang of Mon-
golians and the old detective rushed across:the room.

Seizing the knob, he tried to pull the door open, but it
resisted all his efforts. .

“@ood heavens!” he- gagped, in &E.Bv “what HSm hap-
pened ¢o Harry? The boy was senseless or dead. Where
were they carrying him to? I must reach.that boy if it costs
my life!”

He dashed into the barrcom. :

o well, 1Jago

“I’'m a Secret Service man.” o

nnwmu—nm _uw . .

.“Here’s my shield.”

The offieer displayed his badge. -

It was a signal for the sudden exit of the Samrm

They had guilty consciences, and thought the m&&ﬂ«d
was after them,

A feeble grin overspread the bartender’s face..

“Yer must be disguised,” said he.

“I am. Do you know the Bradys?” "

“Well,” .

“Then you _npoﬂ me. H‘B o HEm Brady.”

“Qh, I see.”

“My partner Harry was made up as a tough.”

“Yes?” ’

“He had a red handkerchief around his neck.”

“I had such a person in ther back room just now.” . |

“That was Harry.”

“Sure I didn’t know that.”

“PFan Toy and half a dozen Chinamen came in, didn’t
they ?” . ! '

“Yes, an’ had a scrap wid yer partner.”

“Who fired that shot ?” DAY .

“Dunno.” | "

“Well, I saw Harry being carried z:.ozmw a door in the
vall by the Chinks. . He was mwcmﬁmmm. H‘g door was
locked.”

“That leads to the cellar.”

“Who’s got the key?”? .

“Ain’t no key. There’s a bolt on the inside, mssm L

“What’s in the cellar ? . g

«Nuthin’.”

“Then why did they go down there ?”

“T’m blamed if I know.”

“Got an ax?”? .

mnﬁmm.uv A

" “Qive it to me.”

The vn;mumﬂ. handed it over and O NE@ wum&. went
in the rear room. )

Raising the ax, he memw& mcsu the door.

He had a dark lantern in his woow& and, @u»ﬂgm 5 9:
he lighted it.

With his ax in his hand he rushed moﬁp into the 8:2.
and flashed the light around.

Just as he expected, he saw a #ﬁ&oﬁ in the floor, and
pulling it open, saw a flight of stairs leading down into a

1dark tunnel.

--- Page 24 ---
e

of wooden stairs.

One after another they mwmm%mmamm

There came a bang as a trapdoor closed.

. “Where are they now?” Old King Brady pondered.

Boldly ascending the stairs he raised.the trap and found
himself in a mHoon cellar. All the Chinamen were gone.

Hearing a groan he flashed his light around.

It showed him the figure of Harry lying bound on the
floor. = | :

“He lives !” muttered Old Hﬁbm Brady, gladly.

Rushing over to the boy and kneeling beside him the old
detective cut his bonds and examined him.

The boy’s scalp was cut and bleeding.

He was regaining his senses.

Sticking some strips of court plaster over the wound the
old detective tried to revive the boy.

In this he succeeded.

Finally Harry sat up

“Where am I?” he gasped.

0ld King Brady explained matters.

When he finished, he asked his young partner: °
“What happened to you?”

“I’ve been shot in the head.”

“Tt was only a glancing wound. Who did it?”.
“Fan Toy.”

“What !”

“Tried to kill me.” .

“What for?”

%To protect herself from the electric chair.””
“What do you mean ?”
“8he was the cause of Felix Grant’s death.”
“What! Have you evidence of it?”
“Yes. She knows it, and therefore tried to E_:.mmu me.”
“Good gracious! Tell me all about it.”
“It’s a short story. Are we safe from interruption ?”
“No. Not here.”"
“Then let’s get out.”
“Are you strong enough to move?” asked Old King
Brady.
- “I'm all right now. Come ahead.”
“We’ll go up-stairs. Qet your gun out.”
“I wish we could capture that gang and the Queen.”
“So we sghall, if we meet them.” -
“They must be up-stairs,” sdid Harry.
“I’ve got Ching Foon in jail.”
“@ood enough 1”

S A N

hadii gt « Biaauint A dh A Wd whatudd

Various letters were given to different voEﬁm of the out-

‘| line, each letter representing a chance in the game.

Then the manager gave out a sentence forming a riddle,
the letters in the line holding the secret of the riddle.

The sentence might be, “The yellow dragon eats the rice
of our fields.”

Persons desiring to play guess the hidden meaning of the
sentence.

The letters in the line-may stand for monkey, lizard, old
hen, young man, etc. But the words “yellow dragon” might
mean “old hen” and “eats the rice,” might-stand for “young
man.”

It was all purely guesswork, there being thirty-six chances
in the game, and each player having only one guess.

The probability of putting a correct consiruction on the
meaning the manager gave the sentence was very slight,
o that the players rarely won and the parties who ran the,
game made all the money. And yet the €Chinamen ventured
10 play this absurd lottery. /

Jo Sung was in the room when the wam&a entered, but
did not know them. ~

Glancing around, the detectives located several of the
gang who had been aiding the Queen to omwguo Harry.

They recognized the boy, saw he was escaping, gathered
in a group and began to excitedly discuss the best means of
recapturing him.

Fan Toy had vanished.

“They nmoomENm me,” said Harry.
less.” :

“How many of them are there in here?”

“Five that I recognize.” ’

“Tell Jo to geize one or two,”

Harry glided over to their spotter and made himself
known.

Pointing out the Opium Queen’s friends rm told Jo to go
for them. Y

The three made a rush and grabbed their men.

Jo had two by their necks, Harry had two and the old
detective seized the remaining one by the throat, and cried:
“Drag them out before the gang recover their wits.”

No one molested them, but the erowd rushed after them.

Into the street they pulled their victims.

A platoon of policemen came along, and upon seeing them

“Concealment is use-

{ the Chinamen who followed the Bradys halted.

With this diversion in their favor, they pulled their pris-
oners out into the street and pulled them over to Ogﬁrﬁd
AQEE.@

--- Page 25 ---
CHAPTER XIV.

ARRESTING THE MURDERER.

Cotucd 1O 'l sSLIcol, AtCpllig LIHCil 14CCs 11CdVily veliod.
Jo met them at the door of an old tenement. . -
Together they entered a dark, gloomy hall. _
Up-stairs they went, 8 the second floot, and Jo knocked

at a door. .

- It was opened by an oE Clinaman in speetacles,
A brief dialogue occurred between him and Jo in their-

Wondering what wes coming, Old King Br ady glanced | native tongue, and thenJo turned to the Bradys mﬂm said:

curiously at Harry and gaid, in reflective tones:
“I’ve always thought Fan Toy knew something about the

“It’s all right, Come in, ladies.”
“He will let women smoke opium here, eh ?” mmwmm mmﬂ%. .

ﬂzﬁ..mbd of the old EQHQH—PH; The crime was committed in hm—&H—me—m his voice to sound W—Hm a woman’s.

the empty store of a building she leased., One of her opi-
um déns was conducted on the floor above. It seemed queer
that a man could have been killed and robbed down-stairs
-without anyone up-stairs knowing anything about it. How-
ever, your story may clear up the seeming mystery.” -
“As T said before,” said Harry, “the story is brief. When
T left you and went up Mott street, I heard a man and
-"woman quarreling in a Chinese grocery store, The woman
~was Fan Toy. I heard her say, “I’ve paid you enough al-
ready for getting rid of Grant for me, and I .won’t give you
any more” The Chinaman with her said, threateningly:
‘If you don’t give me one hundred moﬁm? T’1 tell the police
on you!? Thdt gade her mad, and she raved a little, and
finally said: ‘Meet me i Donovan’s back room in half an
hour and I’Il settle with you’ That’s all T heard., Going
into the store I found that she and the Chinaman had gone
out the back way and disappeared. I then knew as a fact
that Fan Toy had instigated the death of Felix Grant, and
that the Chinaman with :3. had been paid to stab the
man.” .
“What happened next ?”
“Unable to find them, I departed for Uouoéu s. Finally
a Chinee whom I recognized as Sam Lée came in. He wait-
~ed. In due time the Queen entered. Sam spoké to her,
pointed at me, and she gave a cry that brought several
Chinks rushing in. Sam Lee had seen mg in Mott street
listening to his talk with Fan Toy. He told the Queen and
she feared I had learned too w”-h. Sam then shot me.
The ball, as you know. grazed my nead and T fell. That’s
the last I remember of the affair. You can draw your own
conclusions now, O1d 7 .ag Brady.”
“Was Sam Lee among the Chinamen we captured ?»
“No. He was the only one missing.”
“Where does he hang ont?”
“Runs one £ Fan Toy’s opium joints in Pell street.”
“Then yo. know where to find him ?”
“Yes.”

“Yes. His customers are mostly men. But he doesn’t
mind letting ladies in sometimés, if the police don’t notice
e »

“No police saw us come in.” . .

“So I told the door-keeper.” .

“Oh! then this isn’t Sam Lee?”

“No. He isn’t in yet.” ‘
“Is he expected back soon?” C
“At any moment.” ‘ :

They passed into a mEm.w. room, lighted by a ?Sw

It had bare floors, dirty, eracked walls, but very litile fur-
niture, and the air was foul with the odor of opium.

Several miserable Chinamen lay in the wooden bunks,
sleeping off the effects-of the drug they had smoked. '

Jo and the Bradys each occupied a bunk.

The 'old Chinaman brought them the necessary _musim
and a deep silence soon fell upon the apartment.

Half an hour passed by. ..

Finally the door opened and a small QEumEmu mimn&

He had on baggy pants; a black silk blouse, and a gm.
black felt hat shaded his stern, bony face.

There was a fierce look in his beady slant-eyes as he
glanced around and spoke to the door-keeper.

mmz.u.. recognized the man as Sam Lee.

Small as he was, he mEOMom the reputation of vam one
of the most dangerous men in that locality.

01d King Brady knew him by sight.

-The old detective watched the villain a few moments, and
Jo leaned out of his bunk and caled him.

The little Chinaman approached.

As he turned his back to 0ld King Brady.the detective
sprang out of the bunk and attempted to geize him. - .

Like a cat Sam sprang back out of his reach and o:%vmm

his hand to his hip pocket. : .

He drew a revolver, ; A
There was a startled look ypon his face as _um eyed the old

--- Page 26 ---
i,

JUbL ay 1T was MC'HEC.—HH_W Wil atol, ViU AAdlls Dialdy
‘and Jo pounced on him and pinned him down again.
“Le’ go!1” Sam Lee screamed.

*~ “You are under arrest!” announced Old King Brady.
“Youee man?”? . )

“Yes; a cop.” t
\ “Oh|” gasped Sam, 8:3&5@ ‘
. The old door-keeper picked up a heavy iron bar, and was

~ S.moﬁbm toward Old King Brady; intending to knock his

brains out, when Harry caught view of him.
Out of the bunk leaped the boy. .
Dashing past his friends, who were now mngmmrum with

‘Sam to subdue him; Harry reached the door-keeper. .

UiN DVARY 111 oL,

The Bradys knew that the big brig Mikado had come into
port that day, and they engaged a caband drove to her dock.

It was a dark night down by the water front, and when
the detectives alighted and glanced around they saw few
people.

Sounds of drinking and revelry came from the resorts.

A few drunken sailors were staggering along the gloomy
street and the heaving water moved the ships up and down
at their moorings alongside the piers, causing the rigging to
creak and groan dismally.

Leaving their carriage waiting for them around a cor-

Doubling up his fist he gave the rascal a punch that|ner, the officers crossed over toward the pier and observed

wuoow& him flat on his back.

) The bar fell to the floor beside him.

*  Harry caught him by the neck and rushed him to the
door.

And giving the Chinaman a kick; he sent' him tumbling

~ down the stairs to the hall below. |
Meanwhile S8am Lee had been struggling with might and
main to prevent the detective from mmo:a:m him. -
In this he failed. :

Between Old King Brady and Jo - the villain' was soon |

.

rendered helpless mum a pair of steel -fetters put on Fm
wrists.

So soundly were the opium smokers sleeping that the fear-
ful din of the struggle did not disturb them,

With his sweating face a pale yellow and a deadly gleam
in his wicked eye, Sam Lee demanded, in husky tones:

“Tellee what for you allest me?”

“For murdering Felix Grant,” said Old King Brady.

“No, no! S8am Lee not do dat.”

“You did, at Fan Toy’s bidding,” said the mmﬁmoté.
“But if you will tell me why she got you to kill that old
man in the store of No. 16 T may have your life spared. If
yowrefuse to tell me you'll die in the chair, as sure as fate.”

" Sam Lee understood him, but hesitated, .

Observing'this, Jo said to him, in Chinese;

“Speak out, man, and save your life.”

“Perhaps I shall, but not now.”

“Why not now ?”

“T wish to consult a lawyer flrst.”

“Very well. That’s a wise plan. But remember this:
we have got evidence enough to convict you and Fan Toy.”

“T'1 do all T can to save myself, you can rest assured.”

“Where can we find the Opium Queen now ?”

“8he may be down to the dock where the Japanese ship

a cab standing in the shadow of a pile of freight near the
bulkhead. )

"“8ee that?” asked«Old King Brady.

“Brought the Queen here, I presume,” the boy answered.

“She intends to carry off the opium in it.”

“Pretty good indication that she’s yet aboard.”

“Look in the ¢ab and make sure of it.”

“I must not let the driver seexme,” mﬁm Harry, a8 he
.| glided over toward the vehicle in the- densest shadows.

Reaching it, he observed the driver dozing. ,

Harry peered into the vehicle, -

“Empty !” he muttered. )

Then he returned to his companions.

“Well ?” queried Old King Brady. . .

“She isn’t there.”?

“Let’s go aboard the ship.”

“Be careful not to let the watch see you.”

Out on the dock they glided toward the gang-plank.

The Mikado was a huge craft.

Never expecting callers or trouble of any kind, the witch
on the forward deck were dozing at their posts, and the
Custom House officer, who had been posted on board to
guard the dutiable goods, had retired to a cosey nook, where
he was womoo?:% snoring.

Up the gang-plank to the deck glided the silent sleuths,
all their faculties on edge and their keen glances sweegping
around. -

asked : .
“Now, which officer has the opium ?”
“Look for a rmg »
“There’s one in the window of gm captain’s “cabin.”
« Huﬁ.rmvmv then, he’s the guilty party.”
:<<m can soon ascertain.”

Pausing in the shadow of the galley, 014 King Brady

P A

--- Page 27 ---
AEEW L4 EAA.

" A hearty peal of laughter was- escaping r_m rwm when the
detectives glanced in at_him; he banged his tattooed hand
down on the table, and :um% heard him say:

“Waal, by thunder, that’s a clever dodge.”

“And you'll do it?” queried the Queen, anxiously.

~“Do'it? Of course I will. Why, bless yer heart, I’d do
gﬁ?bﬂ fer sich a trim leetle craft as you are, Fan Toy.”

- “Thank you. I always thought Captain .HoB Jonhes was
my friend, and now I know it to be a fact. All you’ll have to
do is to go up in the bow of your boat with the big valise full
of opium. The bowsprit overhangs the street and you can
 easily drop the bag on the street. By so doing the Custom
House officer will never know how we tricked him.”

“An’ you'll hold him an’ ther lads on watch near the
gangway, keepin’ thar attention from me while I'm a-doin’
mﬁ P - . N

% Exactly.”

% Then you’ll pick up ?8. gmu clap it aboard o’ yer cab,
an’ set sail fer home as fast as yer can?”

.»%mm ”

“Ah, Fan Toy, youse wimmin is terrers fer oﬁﬂgg
mep. We will fool ?m_” officer fine.” .

“Here’s your money.”

Bhe took a big wad of bank notes from her voawan and
handed them over to the captain, who put the money in his
pocket, and heartily thanked her. '

“Where’s the valise ?”” she asked.

“In my locker. T’Il get it.” .

“Does it weigh much ?” . o

“About a hundred pound.”

He took a bunch of keys from his gafmw and, unfasten-
ing thelocker, took out a huge valise.

Setting it on the table he said, as he wo_uﬁmm ﬁ it:

“Thar it be; full o’ fine opium, too.”

* “I'm badly in need of it, »oouv said she.

13 sm.—% 80 muu

8 b

:woamzm@ I have & great many uoEwm to- w.wmv supplied |

and my stock is almost exhausted.” :

-“Qan’t yer buy it from ther wholsalé druggists ?”

“Yes; but that makes it very costly. I lost two big con-
signments lately, owing to the interference of two Secret
Service men called the Bradys, who have wmou constantly
piping me off lately.”

“Dash ’em ! they won’t git ther _uomﬁ o’ yer this trip.”

“T hope not. They are mighty dangerous men.”

“Don’t worry about ’ em. We'll fool ’em, all right.”

e - - - P » e

“We ought to secure that _S_mv 0ld King wum& »

“There’s only one way to do-it.”

“How ?” o

“By permitting them,to 25.% out their' scheme .E&m. .
turbed.” . :

“If we wish to arrest the omwnm:_ it will be mmm% to.come,
back here later on and do so,” said’ Harry. = “All our future
energy must be 858358@ upon getting that opium mum
getting the nippers on the Queen.”

“Now that we understand their plan let us Hm:.o the ship
and wait for them to work it Jout.”

“Go ahead. But be omummﬁ »

They reached the pier like a couple of moving mgmosm.
and planted themselves where they could see and _pom_.. ev-
erything that went on aboard of the ship.

In ten minutes the door of the captain’s cabin went open
and as he whiktled the watch and the Custom House ommomu
came running aft to gee what he wanted.

“Now, boys,” they heard him say, “jist see that this Emw
mmwm ashore safe. See that she don’t stumble down ther
gangplank. One of you magr a lantern. Ah! Mr. Ommomﬁ
I hope yer don’t ’spect

“Contraband ?” laughed the Custom Moﬁmm officer.

« %,8 »

“No, indeed. There it anything but. opium ?mw -one
could smuggle ashore of a dutiable nature. The tight-fitting
dress of this young lady shows plainly that she has nothing
concealed about her person. Miss, pass on.”

Fan Toy smiled at him bewitchingly, and bowed.

With laughable.solicitude the four sailors and the officer;
took orwwm«o of her and escorted her to the gangway.

The moment their backs were turned, the 8@?5 darted
into his cabin, got the big valise and hurried up forward
with it., .

. He saw that ﬁa ozﬁwm were so deeply engrossed in ?m
girl that they were not likely to notice him.

*Rushing up in the bow he glanced down. .

The Queen’s cab stood close by.

Holding the bag over the bulwarks he let it drop down
on a heap of salt hay lying beside the string-piece.’

The Queen had gone down to the pier Ea headed for ﬁa
street.

Seeing her starting for the+bag, the Bradys suddenly
darted from their place of concealment to mug%ma her.

She saw them, . .

They seized the bag. , .

2 n W™ = - e -

y \


--- Page 28 ---
*

AWalliiily RUUSCYCLL sulcel T'all L0y 5 CAb wiihgoed 1010 thay

"The old detective had not gone ten steps after the cab in | dark, dirty thoroughfarg, and- m_um sped along toward Park

which Fan Toy was being driven rapidly away, ere he real-

ized that it would be utterly imposgible for him to 363&3 i

it afoot.
. Staggering under the weight om the valise full of opium,
mﬁ.d\ came after him, for the captain of the ship had seen

mz that had H.mwwmbma and was frantically yelling to his|

. _men:

“Go ashore there, boys, and pound those two men. They |’

.

are trying to injure my lady friend.”

He forgot the danger of that remark, for the Custom |

. House officer rushed ashore with them, mum mms shouted
& ‘him, excitedly; ; ‘
" “We are the wn&ww LEC
“The Secret Service men?” - e
naﬂmm.uv
- “Hey, boys, stop!” called the officer to the sailors.
“What’s up?” queried the mate.
- ““Those men ark detectives.” . ;
i “Oh!I see” :
¢ “Look here!” said Harry to the Custom House officer.
- “Well, Mr. wum% 7
“That woman was a mEzmmHmu.:
“What 1
i - %“See this valise?” . -
W *Yes” _ _
* “IPs filled with opium.”
- “Thunder !” .
~ “The woman got it from the captain. Arrest him. 6&8
;- this valise, We are going after the woman.”
“How did she get the stuff ashore ?”
356% planned for her to hold your attention mbm that
. of the crew at the gangway. While you were so oummm&
the captain ran up in the bow with this valise and dropped
it down in the street near the cab ﬁsw stood here waiting
. for the woman.”
“A gly game.” : . )
:d.@qu . . .
. “Who is this woman ?”
+ “Fan Toy, the Opium Queen of QEB&SS ”
© “I’ve heard of her.” ‘
. “This valise belongs to the Swﬁﬁu. Seé—it has his name
¢ on the gide, It’s dead evidence of his ooEE_&Q. »
" “P1l arrest him.”? . .
“Call on us for evidence to convict him.”
: “I shall, and T thank you very much.”
¢ “Here comes O1d King Brady with our cab.”

e : ‘

iy Twencgae.

%

Row at a terrific pace. .

‘Peering out the rear window of her %:.E»mm she saw that
Lher pursuers were swiftly gaining.

To reach Chinatown ahead of them was out of the ques- '
‘tion.

Ahead was a _mnumu% ﬁromo osumum she was »3&35&
-with,

Expecting aid from ?mE she mﬁom%mm her carriage, wmmvom
.out, and dashed into the laundry. .

She barely had time to tell them what she ﬂ:&mm and
‘to rush into the back room, when the Bradys’ carriage paus~,
ed at the door. . A

Out sprang the detectives.

Into the store they dashed.

A Chinaman had planted himself on each Emm of the
door and as they entered the Mongolians aimed blows.at
them with the flatirons with which they had been ::Em&..
ing some clothes.

0ld King Brady was struck and knocked mosF

His aseailant rushed into the rear room, L

Here the Queen spoke to him, handed him a sponge and .
a tiny bottle, and he' jumped out the window and &%ﬁ- ;
peared.

She was going to follow him when" Harry Em&mm in
and, clapping his hand on her E.Bv cried:

“Hold on there!” ~

“Unhand me !” she shrieked.

“Oh, no! You are my prisoner, Fan Toy.!"

“For what #”

“Smuggling.”

“Nongense.” }

“For murder, too.”

“You are crazy.”

“No, I ain’t: We can prove you hired Sam Lee to stab
Felix Grant to death in the empty store in Pell street.” ~

“You two detectives have been the curse of my existence
lately,” said the Queen, bitterly. “You will ruin me finan-
cially if you keep on interfering with my private business.”

“We expect to end your nefarious business entirely.”

“You will find I'll have a bitter revenge.” =

“Can’t do it, Fan. We’ve got you muzzled now.”

“Don’t be too sure of that, Brady.”

Thére was a dangerous glitter in her dark eyes as she
gpoke.

The boy observed it, and thought:

«“ mrm s up to some #.Ew »

--- Page 29 ---
’

- “Let’s take the Queen away, and lock her up.”
“We’ll have to use wmu cab to do i}.”
“Why ?” '
“The cabman was wﬂv& by the Chinaman who escaped
me to carry him away at lightning express, speed.”
“The Queen’s cab will do,” said he. ’

A faint srile crossed Fan Toy’s face upon hearing this, |

but she skillfully concealed ; mum said, with &mEQ

“I’m ready to go.”

They led her out to the cab mum Harry got in 59 her.

Old King Brady then said to her driver:

“See here, my good fellow ” ;

“Well ?” growled the driver, in surly tones.

“Do you observe that this lady is our prisoner?”

« H Q.O.:

“We are detectives.”

“So I supposed.”’

“We want you to drive us to the nearest pdlice station.”

“That’s in Elm street, sir.”

“Yes. - And we don’t want any crooked work from you.
If you try it on we’ll pull you in, too. Do you :ummum?bm ”

“I do, sir.” :
" “Now go!” said the old detective, getting into the cab. ,

Qm?oﬂum up the reins, the man drove off,

Out of a doorway rushed the Chinaman who had received
the sponge and vial from the Queen. |

He swung himself up on the hind straps of the vehicle
without being seen by the-detectives, and poured the con-
- tents of the bottle upon the sponge.

In the cab 0ld and Young King Brady sat side by m_mm

Thrusting the sponge through the open window in the
rear of the cab, the Chinaman held it near and between the
detectives’ heads.

In a few moments the Bradys found themselves inhaling
" the pungent odor of chloroform. )

A drowsy feeling overwhelmed them. ’

They tried invain to shake off the feeling.

Too late Old King Brady glanced around and saw the

* hand holding the sponge thrust through the little window.

Before he could do anything both he and the boy fell over,
fast agleep.

The Queen, too, was almost overwhelmed by ﬁ_o drug, but |

she flung open the door, stopped the cab and leaped out.
“Drive on to the station,” said she to the cabman as she
rushed off with the Chinaman.

CHAPTER XVII.

deep trick the Opium Queen had played upon them.
“She’s the deepest woman on earth !” declared Harry.
“Well, she’s beaten us at our own game;” his partner an-
mﬂmam v -

“Now, where could she have mabm ?”

“Straight back to Chinatown, no doubt.”

“J fear she will hide herself now.”

“There’s one remedy to unearth her, Harry.”

“And that is?”

“To make a gigantic raid.” . .
“Pull all of Chirlatown?- It can’t be done.”

“No; merely raid all the opium joints.” ~ .
:Eﬁm.mmmmmzo.:a v

“It’s the only way to dig her up.”

“I quite agree with you.” .
“You and I know where most of the joints are.”
“That’s a fact.” .
“Well, we can have them raided all in the same night.

‘We may find the Queen in our drag net, ﬂwmu we draw :

in”
“If we don’t that way, we- 8?&5% won’t -any other way.”
They left the police station and went home.
There they remained in quiet seclusion for several days,

.?ﬁum their plans for a big raid.

Various conferences were held with the heads of the
police and Secret Service departments, and under the skil-
ful advice of the Bradys, a general E& was carefully
planned.

It waoﬁ:w& to be the biggest thing of its kind ever at-
tempted in New York.

Even the antagonistic captain in 8533& of the Eliza-
beth Street Station at that time was drawn into it, against
his inchination, to aid the great detectives.

The raid was arranged for a Monday night.

Tt was thus calculated to pull in a large number of dive-
keepers, for they always kept their places open on that par-
_uoam:. night for the benefit of out-of-town Chinamen.

When the eventful night arrived all the reserves were
called out, and when the hour of ten arrived, every detach-
ment of officers sent out swooped down on an opium joint.

The excitement in and about Chinatown was qmﬁgmoﬁ

Hundreds of prisoners were captured.

The patrol wagons had to make innumerable trips to and
from the stations to get in all the prisoners.
Thousands of people witnessed the raid.

'Fights were of common occurrence, but every _Qose opi-
1m 10int in the dawntown contion waa alacad v

--- Page 30 ---
Bankrupt, driven out of. business, all her friends gone,
and with but very little money left, she was half distracted.

The Bradys had absolutely ruined her,

She was frantic, and thirsted savagely for revenge.

The detectives felt mortified and disappointed when the

_Taid was over, and ﬁrm% discovered that the Queen had es-

caped them.
“8he must have been tipped om ” was Old King Brady’s
ppe g y
conclusion.

“If she wasn’t, ‘'blind Tuck must have ?48.& wﬁ..: Harry |

answered. “But where would she hide ?”

“Somebody must know her haunts.”

“Who, for instance?” !

[43 mm,s Hu@@ ) Q

“We’ll try to pump EB »

“Fan Toy must have lost thousands of dollars by our
smashing up her opium %Eg The hatred it will m?o her

. against us will be something dreadful.”

7, “Well, we were determined to ‘drive her out of the busi-

[UTRE

ness, and it looks to me as if we had done it.”

They met Jo Sung in the street. o

“You’ve turned Chinatown upside down,” he grinned. .

“But the Opium Queen is missing,” said mmd.%

“Indeed! Where has she gone ?”’

“We want you to come with us and quiz Sam Lee

“Very wélljy Mr. Brady.”

“Incidentally, you might ask him a few asmmﬁoum about
the murder of old Mr. Grant.”

“T shall do s0.”, .

They set out for the Tombs, where the ogmgu was
confined, and were passed.inside.

Sam was locked in a cell. )

When Jo and the detectives paused at the door, rm came
forward and said to the former, in doleful tones in Chinese:

“T can’t get any one to bail me out of herd”

“Too bad1” said Jo, “Fan Toy has deserted you.”

“Has ghe ?”

“Yes. All her joints are raided.”

“Was she caught ?” - :

“No; made her escape. Do you know where %.#o&@
mo Mvv

“Yes!” replied Sam, angrily. Pm _osm as mro rmm rwmﬂ
me to my fate, 'l have. revenge by giving- her away.”

“If you don’t you're a fool. Where is she ?” ‘

“She once told me that if the police raided her, she would
teke refuge in the Fifth Avenue Hotel. By appearing in

s

* such-a public place, she contended that-she would be less

Tiahls to be discovered than she world be if she hid in China.

Turning to Sam, he asked the prisoner:

“What did you kill Felix Grant for?” .

Sam then answered without the slightest hesitation:

“Fap Toy paid'me to do the job.” .

“For what reason?” '

“Will you aid me if I tell you?”

“We will try to.”

“I’ll tell you, then. Felix Grant lent her a large sum of
money to start her in the opium den business, and took her
note for it, and a mortgage upon the business. They finally
had a quarrel. Grant was going to foreclose the mortgage.
She grew desperate at the prospect of losing her fortune,
and ‘'made an appointment to meet him in the store where
he was killed.”

“Well ?” o « '

“Grant arrived that night. She told him to bring the
note and she would pay it, and clear off the mortgage. In-
stead of having the money ready, she gave me one hundred
dollars to run my knife into his body. I did-it.” )

“You and she met Grant in the store, eh?”

“We did. 1 killed.him, and Fan Toy took the note and
mortgage away from him and destroyed them. As he had
neglected t6 register the mortgage, no one ever claimed it.
She thus got full, undisputed possession of the entire busi-
ness. As the crime was not witnessed, we were not found
out.”

“What happened next?”

*“T made frequent demands upon her for monrey, and al-
- | ways forced her to pay me by threatening to tell the ﬁorom
on her if she failed to come to time.”

“And she finally revolted ?”

“Yes. Refused point bank to pay me «B% more.”

“Then you fell out ?»

“Forever. T’'m so bitter against her now that I’m giving .
her away, in hopes that she will share my fate.”

“And so she shall, when we catch her,” said Jo. -

He explained to the Bradys all that Sam had told him,

-~

‘land a few minutes later they left the Tombs, well pleased

with the result of their call. -
N CHAPTER XVIIL,
CONCLUBION.

On, the following afternoon the Bradys ﬂou» E% to' Sa
Fifth Avenue Hotel, and began making inquiries there, for
a lady of Fan Toy’s general description.

The elerk told them that there was such a F& there, and
‘upon learnine that she was a notorious crook. he let them go

--- Page 31 ---
her thin and haggard looking. .
“The Bradys!” she gasped.
- “Yes. We want you, Fan,” laughed NB.Q
“I'm lost now !” she gasped.
“Yes,” replied the boy. ¢Sam Lee told us all about aa
note and mortgage Felix Grant held against you, and the
* Chinee explained how you induced him to stab your backer.”
A look of woe settled over the girl’s face. .

v
-

“You are going to charge me with that, I mﬂwﬁomo 77 she |

asked, in low, faltering tones.

“Of course. Get ready to come with us.””

“Can I dress in the privacy of the next room ?”

“Yes. But don’t be long about it.”

She nddded and passed through a doorway.

Five  minutes passed. .

Hedring no sound, and fearing ﬁ.mmorﬁ.w. 01d King Brady
mc.omm over to the open door and peered into the room.

It was a vwmg% little, bed-room,

Fan Toy lay on her.back upon the aoS. before the bu-
reau, with a small vial o::ow&. in her mem labeled “Pois-
on. »

Thinking she had merely., mﬁimm 0ld King . WH&% vmo_?
oned to Harry, and sprang into the room, Q.wEm

- “Her nerves have given out.”

“8he must have been under a fearful strain for the past
few days!” eaid mmdﬁ following him in.

.,.%Poor thing; she has fainted !”

“See if we can’t revive her.”

0ld King Brady knelt beside the girl’s body.

He bent over her, and lifted her head on his knee.

The burnt lips, set features and glassy eyes startled him

He gave another look, let her down, bounded to his feet,
and pointing at the vial in her hand, he g&

“She is dead !” *

“What !” cried Harry.

“Poisoned 1”

.

“Y wonder who her parenis E.mve ol -

“We will never kinow. She lived 2 menmuw mﬂm died a
mystery. We might search” her effects, but I do ot ‘be-
lieve she has left anything w&:ﬂm which would give a clew
tc her identity.”

“Let’s try it.”

They amao?:% searched the mwm@Baim. but found noth-
ing: that would tell themt who Fan Toy really was.

Leaving the room, they locked the door, told the hotel
clerk of the tragedy, and went away to apprise the police.

An undertaker took the body away.

There was a coroner’s E.wc.mmn affer that, mﬁm thén the
Chinese of Chinatown got possession of the remains.

They gave the Opium Queen a grand funeral, which was
attended by hundreds of her old-time friends.

Afd that ended her Emﬁoa\

Soon after that the captain of the Mikado, the mﬁmﬁ_um

¢

-and purser. of the Peking, and Ching Foon, with all the

Chinamen who were captured mﬁ_:mm:bm om.EB, wére tried
and convicted.

. All were sent away.

The wm%ﬁ.m of the opium joints and their mmmﬁgﬁm cap-
tured in the big raid, were also sentenced and imprisoned.

Sam Lee was electrocuted.

He was a self-convicted murderer. v

The Bradys had done much to end the mnEo.%:.m om
opium, and to wE._@ Chinatown ; but it is to be regretied
that the pestiferous quarter has m._.mmcmb% gone ,ama_m to its
normal condition of depravity again since then.” |

So far as that case was SuomE& however, . the mzmﬁ de-
tectives had finiched their work. .

New events arose after that i:% o%:?om ?m:. atten-
tion, and drew. them into great perils.

Our next m?.w will give a veracions account of za:.

ﬁ:.EEm 8@3;@ so we will bring this tale to its conclu-
mSF

AN

- Bead “THE ww_Euﬁum BOY H..ouudu OR, SIFTING mﬂw.PZQm gﬁvam » i:nv 5= vm the aoﬁ E»Evmw

. : - (158) om “Secrdt ms.som.a ;

*

am, 4

--- Page 32 ---
thor D. W. Stevens, whose home in the West is in the immediate
vicinity of the place where the James Boys met with the most of
their %wu.nbn ‘adventures, and who is familiar with .the incidents he
so ably describes. Ask your newsdealer to save you a copy of THE
JAMES BOYS WEEKLY every week. | .

agoupBam.wowuhcn.q._uwwwua:wgw.mgmwo# ueﬁumumnamwqwm.w::amu“oﬁecom.mg_g_mswonnzgnr.
2 Chasing the James Boys; or, A Detective’s Dangerous Case. " field: .

8 The James Boys and Pinkerton; or, Frank and Jesse as| 3] The James Boys on the Road; ot, The Bandit Kings in &
Detectives. New Field.

4 The Man from Nowhere, and His Adventures with the|33 The James Boys’ Shadows; or, The Nemesis of the Bandits,

James Boys. 33 The James Boys' Signal Lights; or, The Cavern of Mys- |
" B Jesse James and Siroc; or, A Detective’s Chase for a .Mou.v.. v & ights; or, The Cavern of My

Horse. P <
34 Jesse James, the Midnight Horseman; or, The Silent Rider
6 The James Boys in Texas; or, A Detective’s Thrilling of the Ozark. & T

-~ Adventures in the Lone Star State. .
7 Sam S8ixkiller, the Cherokee Detective; or, The James 3% .H#M««.wmmrmwuwwm m_wu“w_ww ger; or, Carl Greene the Detec-

Boys’ Most Dangerous Foe. ) "
8 Old Saddlebags, the Preacher Detective; or, The James| o . ne James Boys’ League; or, Bafled by a Keen Detectlve.

Boys in a Fix. . 37 The James Boys’ Band of Ten; or, The Red Light on the
: . Bluft. .
9 The Double Shadow; or, The James Boys Baffled. :
11 The Last of the Band; or, The Surrender of Frank James. Clever Capture. ,
12 The James Boys Tricked; or, A Detective’s Cunning Game. | 39 The James Boys in the Saddle; or, The Highwayman and
13 Thirty Days with the Jamea Boys; or, A Detective’s Wild the Haunted Mill
Chase in Kentucky. 40 The James Boys’ Mistake; or, Carl Greene the Detectives’
14 ‘The Masked Horzeman; or, The Silent Rider of the Border. | Clever Ruse,
15 Mysterious Ike; or, The Masked Unknown. 41 The James Boys in a Trap; or, Carl Greene’s Neatest Trick.

ww %ww wwmwmw Wwwﬂ w_w Ww%whw._w.mm wwmhehﬂc”wwWanﬁﬂ wmﬂwmﬂ 142 The James Boys in Arkansas; or, After Confederate Gold.

Last Ride, : 43 The James Boys Knights of the Road; or, The Masked
18 Jim Cummins and the Detectives; or, Wild Adventures on Men of Missouri. :
. the Missouri. . 44 Quantrell’s Old Guard; or, The James Boys in Missouri.

19 The Ford Boys’ Vengeance; or, From Bandits to Detectives. |46 The James Boys’ Island; or, Routed by a Game Detective.
20 Wood Hite’s Fate; or, The Mystery of the Old Log House. | 46 The James Boys' Longest Run; or, Chased a Thousand
21 The James Boys Afloat; or, The Wild Adventures of a De- Miles. '

tective on the Mississippi. - s . >
22 The James Boys Lost; or, The Detective’s Curlous Case. 47 The James Boys' Last Flight; or, Carl Greene's Greatest

23 Jesse James’ Pledge: or, The Bandit King’s Last Ride. Victory.
24 The Man on the Black Horse; or, The James Boys' First |48 The James Boys' Reckless Raid; or, Sheriff Timberlake's

Ride in Missouri. Blind Trap. . :
26 The James Boys in Deadwood; or, The Game Pair of Da- |49 Jesse James Avenged; or, The Death of Bob Ford.
. kota. |50 The James Boys' Boldest Raid; or, Foiled by a Brave De-
26 Enow and Death of Jesse James, and Lives of the Ford tective.
0ys. .
mH ’ . Ll
27 Frank James, the Avenger, and,K His Surrender. The %ﬂBMm nwoMm wM. reasure Hunt; or, A Thirty Days' Race
28 The James Boys Bafiled: or, A Detective's Game of Bluff. w etectives. .
29 Pinkerton’s Boy Detectives; or, Trying to Capture the |52 The James Boys and the Dwarf; or, Carl Greene's Midget
James Boys. Detective.
For Sale by All Newsdealers, or will be Sent to Any Address on Receipt of Price, 5 Cents per Copy, by
FRANK TOUSEY, Publisher, ‘ - 24 Union Sgquare, New York.

D ————————

IF YOU WANT ANY BACK NUMBERS

of our Libraries and cannot procure them from newsdealers, they can be obtained from this office direct. Cut out and fill
in the following Order Blank and send'it to us with the price of the books you want and we will send them to you by
turn mail. POSTAGE STAMPS TAKEN THE SAME AS MONEY. :

FRANK TOUSEY, Publisher, 24 Union Square, New York. ceeerererecernssaaesa1901,

DEAR Sik—Enclosed find .... cents for which please send me:
g’mbhbﬁsoww >.Z..crs‘—2» M ZDD »»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»» e @ b e 6 e 60 06868080688 ecotevvcsoescaens

--- Page 33 ---
s

STORIES OF ADVENTURE

Issued Weakly—By Subscription 3350 per yaur. Entered as Second Class Matter of the New Fork Post Ofice, November 7, 1899, by Frank Tousey:

No. 185 NEW YORK, DECEMBER 18, 1901 Price 5 Cents.

9

| 5o Rtarisre I I

o1y THE BRAVE
SAM SPARK o Tt
c?>_.€><w THE W__wm._. ON HAND.

LXLIFLECIES §\\\.§N§ |


--- Page 34 ---
& 130

" 102 His First Drink; or, Wrecked by Wine,

" 136 The Two Schools at Opkdale; or, The
o187

a¥ 4w 0 @ a a2 e

90 The Golden Idol, .- - - . ' by Howard Austin
91 The Red House w.ou. The Mystery of Dead Man’s WE?

. ’ by Jas. C. Merritt
92 The Discarded Son; or, The Curse of Drink by Juo. B. Dow
93 General Crook’s Boy Scout; or, Beyond th& mmon;awnsﬁno%_.m s a

an cout

94 The Bullet Charmer. A Story of the Awerican wodw.._cﬁeﬂ.

e . by Rerton Bertrew

95 On a Floating Wreck ; or, Drifting Pno:ﬂ& M.uvm iﬁﬁ__ﬁ_ -

5 ~ apt. Thos. H. Wilson

96 The French Wolves, . v “ap by Allyn Draper
“8T A Desperate Game ; or, The Mystery of Dion .u-.ﬂdm_.m. Eno..u Ansti

) - owar ustin

‘98 The Young King: or, Dick Dunn in Search of N_wuw_.cnrc? .

) . by Jas. C. Merritt

09 Joe Jeckel, The Prince of Firemen, by Ex Fire Chief Warden

100 The Boy Railroad King; or, Fighting for a Fortune,

L . by Jas. C. Merritt

.101 Frozen In; or, An American Boy’s Luck, by Howard Austin

102 Toney, the Boy Clown; or, Across the Continent With a

Circus, by Berton Bertrew

by Jno. B, Dowd
,104 The Little Captain; or, The Island of Gold, v .
by Capt. Thos. H. Wilson
105 The Merman of Killarney; or, The Outlaw of the Lake,

. d%ZJ&Uaﬁu@w
108 In the Ice, A Story of the Arctic Regions, by Howard Austin
107 Arnold’s S8hadow ; or, The ‘Praitor's Nemesis,

. by General Jas. A, Gordon
108 The Broken Pledge; or, Downward, Step by Step,.

. chno.w.dos.u
109 0)d Disaster; or, The Perils of the Ploneers, y an 01d Scout
110 The Faunted Mawnsion, A tale of Mystery, by Allyn Draper
111 No. 6; or, The Young Firemen of Carbondale,

R by Ex Fire Chilef Warden
112 Deserted; or, Thrilllag Adventures in the Frozen North,

by Howard Austin
113 A Glass of Wine; or, Ruined by a Sociel Club, by Jno. B. Dowd
3114- The Three Doors; or, Half a Million in Gold, by Jas. C. Merritt
.wHuHvovaovmopﬂ.—.mwwuuww9..5&3558

Afloaf and Ashore,

. by Capt. Thos. H. Wilson
116 Mustang Matt, The Prince of Cowboys, by an 01@ Scout
117 The Wild Bull of Kerry; or, A Battle for Life, by Allyn Drapér
118 The Scarlet Shroud; or, The Fate of the Five, by Howard Austin
119 Brake and Throttle; or, A Boy Engineer’s Luck,

; . . by Jas. C. Merritt

120 Two Old Colns; or, Found in the Elephant Cave,

L by Richard R. Montgomery
121 The Boy Courier of Siberia; or, The League of the Russian
Prison Mines,

by Allan, Arnold
122 The Secret of Page 99; ox, An 0ld Book Cover, by Allyn Draper
123 Resolute No. 10 - or, The Boy Fire Company of Fulton,

. by ExX Fire Chief Warden
124 The Poy Scouts of the Susquehanna; or, The Young Heroes
125 ..E-o» Wwo awﬁoﬂmuw <»=~w$ Cent t _— by an Old Scout
[ oy~ Banker; or, From a Cent to a Million,
@ Boy- Bankers of by H. K. Shackleford
126 Shore Line Sam, the Young Southern Engineer; or, Rail-
roading in War Times, by Jas. C. Merritt
127 On the Brink ; or, The Perilg of Social Drinking, by Jno. B. Dowd
128 The 12th of Qctober, 1863, by Allyn Draper
129 Throngh an Unknown Land; or, The Boy Canoeist of the
Quanza; . . " . by Allan Arnold
The Blue Door. A Romance 0f Mystery,

. c?w,_aus-dw.ggnmoﬂaww
131 Running with No. 8; or, The Boy Firemen of Franklin,
~wn§2_awmaa_35.ﬂumwo

by Bx Fire Chlef Warden
133, Safety-Valve Steve; or,

Fn_nug_@bh. wnuo_nmno:,»
e Boy Engineer.of wﬂo . H. &

134 The Drunkard’s Victim, ) .

Sm>35o=&‘.3....53&:55%3»:_%9

£

Jas. C. Merritt
y Jno. B. Dowd
by Capt. Thos. H. Wilsgon
Rival mn_waoﬂn_w_ o»U
'orrina Lake, - . y yn Draper
..—.wm Farmer's Son ; or, A Young Clerk’s Downfall. A Story
of Country and City Life, by Howard Aastin

IF YOU WANT

ﬂ

'ANY BACK

AT LLAULITU Jdank,. 4 OLITALRC DLULY,. ny All i b
In the Frozen North; or, Ten @annm in the'Ice, by wﬂ%ﬂ%ﬂ >__.Wwﬂm.
Around the World on a Bicycle. A Story of Adventures in

Many Lands, . by Jas. C. Merritt
Young Captain Rock ; or. The First of the White Boys,

. . by Al
A nmwooneon Blotting Paper; or, The >n_wo=mm-.mu of N Mo_-w._m Draper
nventor, chard R.
The Diamond Island; or, Astray In a ww.__oou. r -W w—mﬂﬂnw%-ﬁw__.m
In the Saddle from New York to 8an Francisco, by Allyn Drapet
%wo WNE—RQM gﬂv on ﬁb-m gﬂ—.n%M by Howard Austin

e Young Crusader. e Temperance S by Jno. B,
The Island of Fire; or, The"Fate of a E_nm_uwc m"_ww no. B. Dowd
. . i y Allan Arnold
The Witch Hupter's Ward ; or, The mcﬂaaw.wwn%__h_uﬂ of Salem,

I3 . Montgome
The Castaway’s Kingdom ; or, A Yankee Mmzou Boy’s Pluck, €0 ] n«
‘Worth a Million ; or, A Boy's Fight for Jostice’ by Allys Desser
3 ce,
The Drunkard’s Wacning ; or, The Fruits of the Wine iy raper
by Jno. B. Dowd
The Black Diver ; or, Dick Sherman In the Gulf, by Allan Arnold "
._.._-.m Haunted Belfry ; or, the Mystery of the Old Q.Mun? )

Tower, b, oward Austin
The House with Three- Windows, by annwm R. Montgomery
a__m.”om M!m EW—. of the Sea; or, The wo«.w cnoﬁemw 5 :

0C each, . apt. Thos. H. Wilson
3,000 Years Old; or, The Lost Gold EFN of the Hatchepee

Hills, by_Allyn Draper
160 Lost In the Ice, by ummoaw«m.w bnnwmn
161 The Yellow Diamond; or, Groping in the Dark,

,
. by Jas. C. Merritt
.—EM vwn.m:o» Gold ; or, Yankee Jack's buqow«n_ﬂwﬁwmuﬂanﬂm«
ustralia, 5 cha; . Montgome:

On the Plaing with Buffalo BIIl; of, Twe Years in the Wil i

West, i by An Old Scout
The Cavern of Fire; or, The Thrilling Adventures of Professor

Hardcastle and Jack Merton, A by Allyn Draper
Water-Logged ; or, Lost in the Sea of Grass,

) . >'by Capt. Thos. H. Wilson
Jack Wright, the Boy Ihventor; or, mugow—nm _m@unnn_ Asla

in His Magnetic ‘“Hurricane,” . by “Noname’

167 Lot ‘77 ; or, Sold to the Highest Wa.uonw Richard B - !
Lo char: .- Mont;

168 The Boy Canoeist ; or, Over 1,000 Miles «u a Q_Wuom. Higomery

. as. C. Merrit:

169 Captain Kidd, Jr.; or, The Treasure Hunfers on«,.bonn ; M t

sland, - by Allan Arnold
170" The Red Leather Bag. A Weird Story of bw:nupuw Sea,
. oward Austi
171 “The Lone Star*; or, vﬁ—o Masked Riders of Texas, M by Allyn U:pccw
172 A HMWM. York Boy out With Stanley ; ox, A Journey arw.e: h .M .
ca, . . a8, C. Merritt
178 Afloat With Captain Nemos; or, The Mystery of Whirlpool €
Island, - . vm Capt, Thos, H, Wilson
74 Two Boys' Trip to an Unknown Planet, by Richard R. Montgomery
5*The Two Hiamonds; or, A Mystery of the South African Mines,
Joe, the G; ast; or, Three Years A the J. swcmo%.ﬂd »whnn
e Gymnast; or, mon; e Japs, lan o
..—MMW Hawthorne, ‘of No Man’s Land; or, An Uncrowned Fb.m.
. by “Noname"

Qﬂs.wos.ago.ﬁ.‘boeg w,ano—d Emwouﬁ.. Hsm.o.mu.
8 A Wﬁsﬂa of Wall Street; or, The Career of Now_.wm. arow, wwM it
nker, . . Shackletord
180 Fifty Riders in Black ; or, The Ravens of m«ﬂdo:ﬁﬁo?nﬁ
: : s by Howard Austip
181 The Boy Rifle Rangera; or, Kit Carson’s Three doﬁ.ﬂ wobos.m.mn Scout
182 dwgﬂon or, Washed into an Unknown World, Maw .wz,ouwn.m..um.
188 Fred Fearnaught, the Boy Commander; or, The Wolves of the i
Sea, by Capt. Thos. H. Wilson
184 From Cowboy to Oongressman; or, The Rise of a Young

1
17
176
177
178
17

govﬁw-mr by H. K. S8hackleford
185-8am Spark, the Brave Young Fireman ; or, Always the First

‘'on Hand, . _“...mw Kx Fire-Chief Warden
1806 The Poorest Boy in New York, and How He Became Rich,

by N. 8. Wood, thie Young American Actor

'NUMBERS _

of o..:. Libraties and cannot procure-them from newsdealers, they can be obtained from this office direct. Cut out and il
in the following Order Blank and send it to us with the price of the books you want and we will send them to you: by re-

?3 mafl.

sr s s 00 e s s

'FRANK TOUSEY, Publisher, 24 Union Square, New York. ,
) " DEar Sie—Enclosed find .... cents for which please send me:

. -
P R R R R N SRR R RN IR R

POSTAGE STAMPS TAKEN THE m.bgﬂ AS MONEY. .-

—D"OOODODDOODOCnIUDQDI,

teeeeel. 1901

P
ssecsescscos

A

P U

--- Page 35 ---
- v A\A\.I'.I.Q E‘GEE‘\ WUSLAVSVARSATTO T EEEMR T e T

By HARRY MOORE.

These stories are bhased on

account of the exciting adventures of a brave

. d d willin
woﬁe_pm who were .always rea Heﬂw g m.-—n.uam cause of Independence.

32 large pages of reading matter,

or the sake of helping alon
Every number will consist o

; ve & faithful
actual facts sﬂsﬁum.—o S B merican

to imperil their lives

bound in a beautiful colored cover. ‘

1 The bﬂ.ﬁ.mw Boys of 76 ; or, Fighting for Freedom.

2 The Liberty Boys’ Oath; or, Settling With the British and
Tories.

8 The Liberty Boys’ Good Work; or, Helping General Wash-
ington.

4 The Liberty Boys on Hand ; or, Always in the Right Place.

5 The Liberty Boys’ Nerve; or, Not Afraid of the King’s Minions.

6 The Liberty Boys’' Defiance; or, “Catch and Hang Us if You
Can.” :

7 The Liberty Boys in Demand; or, The Champion Spies of the
Revolution. ’

8 The Liberty Boys’ Hard Emrm“ or, Beset by British and Tories,
9 The. Liberty Boys to the Rescue; or, A Host Within Themselves.

10 The Liberty Boys’ Narrow Escape; or, A Neck-and-Neck Race
With Death.

‘11 The Liberty Boys’ Pluck ; or, Undaunted by Odds.

12 The Liberty Boys' Peril; or, Threatened from All Sides.
13 The Liberty Boys’ Luck ; or, Fortune Favors the Brave.

14 The Liberty Boys’ Ruse: or, Fooling the British.

15 The Liberty Boys’ Trap, and What They Caught in It.

16 The Liberty. Boys Puzzled; or, The Tories’ Clever Scheme.

17 The Liberty Boys’ Great Stroke; or, Capturing a British Man-
of-War. .

18 The Liberty Boys’ Challenge; or, Patriots vs. Redcoats.

19 The Liberty Boys Trapped; or, The Beautiful Tory.

20 The Liberty Boys’ Mistake; or, “What Might Have Been.”

21 The Liberty Boys’ Fine Work ; or, Doing Things Up Brown.

22 The Liberty Boys at Bay ; or, The Closest Call of Al

28 The Liberty Boys on Their Mettle ; or, Making 1t Warm for the
Redcoats. . .

24 The Liberty Boys’ Double Victory; or, Downing the Redcoats
and Tories.

25 The Liberty Boys Suspected; or, Taken for British Spies.

26 The Liberty Boys’ Clever Trick; or, Teaching the Redcoats a
Thing or Two.

’

27 The Liberty Boys’ Good 8py Work; or, With the Redcoats in
Philadelphia.

28 The Liberty Boys’ Battle Cry; or, With Washington at the
Brandywine.

20 The Liberty Boys’ Wild Ride; or, A Dash to Save a Fort.

80 The Liberty Boys in a Fix; or, Threatened by Reds and ‘Whites,

81 The Liberty Boys’ Big Contract; or, Holding Arnold in Check.

32 The Liberty Boys Shadowed ; or, After Dick Slater for Revenge.

33 The Libérty Boys Duped ; or, The Friend Who Was an Enemy.

34 The Liberty Boys’ Fake Surrender; or, The Ruse That Suc-
ceeded. -

35 The Liberty Boys’ Signal; or, “At the Clang of the Bell.”

86 The Liberty Boys’ Daring Work; oc, Risking Life for Liberty’s
Cause. . ,

37 The Liberty Boys’ Prize, and How They Won I,

88 The Liberty Boys’ Plot; or, The Plan That Won.

89 The Liberty Boys’ Great Haul; or, Taking Everything in Sight.

40 The Liberty Boys’ Flush Times; or, Reveling in British Gold.

.41 The Liberty Boys in a Snare; or, Almost rapped.

42 The Liberty Boys’ Brave Rescue; or, In the Nick of Time.

43 The Liberty Boys’ Big Day; or, Doing Business by Wholesale.
44 The Liberty Boys’ Net; or, Catching the Redcoats and Tories.
45 The Liberty Boys Worried; or, The Disappearance of Dick

Slater. o

48 The Liberty Boys’ Iron Grip; or, Squeezing the Redcoats.

47 The Liberty Boys’ Success ; or, Doing What They Set Out to Do.
48 The Liberty Boys’ Setback; or, Defeated, But Not Disgraced,
49 The Liberty Boys in Toryville; or, Dick Slater’s Fearful Risk.

50 The Liberty Boys Aroused; or, Siriking Strong Blows for Lib-
erty.

81 The Liberty Boys’ Triumph ; or, Beating the Redeoats at Their
Own Game.

62 The Liberty Boys' Scare; or, ‘A .H:mm as Good as a Mile.

For sale by all newsdealers, or sent postpaid on receipt of price, 5 cents per copy, by

-PRANK TOUSEY, Publisher,

24 Union S8quare, New York.

IF YOU WANT ANY BACK NUMBERS

P —

of our Libraries and cannot procure them from newsdealers, they can be obtained from this office direct. Cut out and fill
in the following Order Blank and send it to us with the pricé of the books you want and we will gend them to you by re

tuin mafl,

¢ 4P s 00 e e sss 400 ssese 4es 0L s S0 se e

POSTAGE STAMPS TAKEN THE- SAME AS MONEY,

.FRANK TOUSEY, Publisher, 24 Union Square, New York.

-o.ooooon.boboo-oooo.ooooso-chﬂ.o

DEar Sir—Enclosed find. . ...cents for which please send me:

L

A
SN
s
®

o ehel,

v s s

A

(X SA

b pacidb e IREL F

i

--- Page 36 ---

--- Page 37 ---
ment.

93 The Bradys’ Deep Deal ; or, Hand-in-Glove with Crime.

94 The Bradys In a Snare; or, The Worst Case of All. .

95 The Bradys Beyond Their Depth ; or, The Great Swamp Mystery.
96 The Bradys' Hopeless Case; or, Against Plain IEvidence. ; :
97 The Bradys at the Helm ; or, the Mystery of the River Steamepg, .
98 The Bradys In Washington ; or, Working for the Presldent. ‘ .
99 The Bradys Duped ; or, The Cunning Work of Clever Crooks.
100 The Bradys in Maine; or, Solving the Great Camp Mystery.
101 The Bradys on the Great Lakes; or, Tracking the Canada Gang. -
102 The Bradys in Montana ; or, The Great OoMban. Mine C !
103 The Bradys ¥lemumed In: or, Their Case in Arizona.
104 The Bradys at Sea; or, A Hot Chase Over the Ocean,
105 The Girl from London; or, The Bradys After a Confidence een, -
106 a&% “wnnn.«u_.ﬂsoﬁm the Chinamen; or, The Yellow Fiegds of thé

pium Joints. :
107 H_.%u :a_ﬁ&i and the Pretty Shop Girl; or, The Grand Street .

ystery.
10% The Bradys and the Q««nwmu“ or, Chasing the Child Stealers.
109 d.—»wn —maz_w ys and the Wrong Man; or, The Story of a Strange

stake .
110 The IPradys Petrayed; or, In the Hands of a Traltor. -
111 The Pradys and Their Doubles; or, A Strange Tangle of Crime.
H&.m w.._nﬂwu in the Evergiades; or, The Strange Case of a Summer
ourist.

3 The Bradys Defed; or, The Hardest Gang in New York. &
4 The Pradys iu High Life; or, The Great Society Mystery. £
5 The Bradys Among Thieves; or, Hot Work in the Bowery.
6 The Bradys and the mrs—%.w—.m“ or, In Darkest New York.
7 its;
8
9

33 The Bradys In Chicagv; or, Solving the Mystery of the Lake Front.
34 'The Bradys’ Great Mistake; or, Shadowing the Wrong Man.
30 The Bradys and the Mall Emﬂo_.wn or, Working for the Government.
36 The Bradys Down South; or, The Great Plantation Mystery.
37 The House in the Swamp; or, The Bradys’ Keenest Work.
88 The Knock-out-Drops Gang; or, The Bradys' Risky Venture,
39 The Bradys' Close Shave; or, Into the Jaws of Death.
40 The Bradys’ Star Case; or, Working for Love and Glory.
41 The Bradys in ’Frisco; or, A Three Thousand Mile Hunt,
42 The w_.wwmn and the IKxpress Thieves; or, Tracing the Package
Marked “Pald.”
43 The Bradys’ Hot Chase; or, After the Horse Stealers.
44 The Bradys' Great Wager; or, The Queen of Little Monte Carlo.
45 The Bradys' Double Net; or. Catching the Keenest of Criminals.
46 ..—.w% wﬁns in the Steel Mask; or, The Bradys’ Work for a Great
'ortune.
47 The Bradys and the Blacs Trunk ; or, Working a Silent Clew.
48 Going It Blind; or, The Bradys' Good Luck.
49 The Bradys Balked; or, Working up Queer Evidence.
B0 Against Rig Odds; or, The Bradys’ Great Stroke.
. 81 The Bradys aud the Forger: or, Tracing the N. G. Check,
52 The Bradys’ 'rump Card; or, «SE.EN a Case by Blff,
53 .Eu.w uw-.sg%m and the Grave Robbers; or, Tracking the Cemetery
wis.
84 The Bradys and the Missing. Boy; or, The Mystery of School No. 6.
356 The Bradys Behind the Scenes; or, The Great Theatrical Case.
86 The Bradys and the Oplum Dens; or, Trapping the Crovks of
Chinatown.
57 The Bradys Down East; or, The Mystery of a Country Town.
58 Working for the Treasury; or, The Bradys and the Bank Burglars.
09 The Bradys' Fatal Clew ; or, A Desperate Game for Gold,
80 Shadowlng the Sharpers; or, The Bradys’ $10.000 Deal.
81 The Bradys and the Firebug; or, Found in the Flames.
62 The Bradys In Texas; or, The Great Ranch Mystery.
Mm The Bradys on the Ocean: or, The Mystery of Stateroom No. 7.
65
[
87
68
69
70
71
72

—————

The Bradys and the Ban or, Hunting for a Lost Boy.

The Bradys in Central Park: or, The Mystery of the Mall.

The Bradys on thelr Muscle ; or, Shadowing the Red Hook Gang.

The Bradys’ Opium Joint Case; or, Exposing the Chinese Crooks. -

The Bradys' Girl Decoy; or, Rounding the East-8ide Crooks.

The Bradys Under Fire ; or, Tracking a Gang of Outlaws.

123 The Bradys at the Beach ; or, The Mystery of the Bath House.

124 ..E.% wnm ys and the Lost Gold Mine; or, Hot Work Among the
owboys.

125 The Bradys and the Missing Girl; or, A Clew Found in the Dark.

The Bradys and the Office Boy ; or, Working Up a Business Case.

.awOm Bradys in the Backwoods; or, The Mystery of the Hunters
amp.

Ching Foo, the Yellow Dwarf; or, The Bradys and the Oplum

——-m———
* ok ok ok Ot Pt ok ok ket
DORORD b ot bt ot ot d bk
[S-1=1 ~N

Smokers. 126 The Brad d the Banker ; or, The Mys Vault,
The Bradys’ Still Hunt ; or, The Case that was Won by Waiting. 127 ,_.__M m_.n.aa&wnsww z.%u% woo-.wa%_m or, .mgom:ﬁ%ww Mueﬂow.«.mﬁunmﬁw.n ¢ .
Caught by the Camera: or, The Bradys and the Girl from Maine. 128 The Bradys and Bad Man Smith; or, The Gang of Black Bar.
The Bradys in Kentucky; or, Tracking a Mountain Gang. 129 The Bradys and the Veiled Girl; or, Piping the Tombs Mystery. o
The Marked Bank Note; or, The Bradys Below the Dead Line, 130 The Bradys and the Deadshot Gang; or, Lively Work on the Frontier. -
The Bradys on Deck ; or, The Mystery of the Private lacht. 131 The Bradys with a Circus; or, On the Road with the Wild Beast
The Bradys in a Trap; or, Working Against a Hard Gang Tamers.
98 Over the Line; or, The Bradys' Chase Through Canada. 132 The Bradys in Wyoming; or, Tracking the Mountain Men s
74 The Bradys in Society: or, The Case of Mr. Barlow. 133 The Bradys at Coney Island; or, Trapping the Sea side Crooks. e
75 The Bradys in the Slums; or, Trapping the Crooks of the “Red [134 The Bradys and the Road Agents; or, The Great Deadwood Case,
Light District.” 135 The Bradys and the Bank Clerk; or, Tracing a Lost Money Package.
76 Found in the River; or, The Bradys and the Brooklyn Pridge |136 The Bradys on the Race Track; or, Beatirg the Sharpers.
Mystery. 137 The Bradys in the Chinese Quarter; or, The Queen of the Opium Fiends. -}
17 uq_u‘.m—u _Wn».uwm and the Missing Box; or, Running Down the Railroad 138 .HEHMMWMM.@MM %hwﬂh—”a Counterfeiters; or, Wild Adventures in the Blue ,
78 The O@ﬁﬂwﬂ of Chinatown : or, The Bradys Among the “Hop" Flenas. | 139 The Bradys in the Dens of New York; or, Working on the John Street i
70 The Bradys and the Girl Smuggler; or, Working for the Custom |, o 1.0 520, 14 the Rail Road Thioves; or, The Myatery of the Mid
ouse, A LY8, 3 OT, - -
80 The Bradys and the Runaway Boys; or, Shadowing the Circus,,, Ty Bradye atter the Pickpockets; or, Keen Work in the Shopping
arps. DT + 0%y
81 auonw.m%n_waaﬁm the Ghosts; or, Solving the Mystery of the OM |\ ;o qyo Bradys and.the Broker: or. Tho Plot to Steal a Fortune
urel ard. Mt 3 .
82 The Bradys and the Brokers: or, A Desperate Game in Wall Street. []43 The Bradys as Reporters; or, W %nw.u.sm,mwu.mmn.hmiwmﬂwwnm! Texas. ;
83 The Bradys’ Fight to a Finish : or, Winning a Desperate Case. 145 The ws.iwm and the Signal Boy: or. The Great Train Robbe o
84 The Bradys’ Race for Life; or, Rounding Up a Tough Trio. » Slgna; Boy s or. . 7 e
85 The Bradys Last Chance: of, The Case in the Dark 146 %:m Bradys and Bune» Bill; or, The Cleverest Crook in New York., .-
86 The Bradys on the Road m onm The Strange Case of a Drummer, 147 :w:w"wmmmuww._i the Female Detective; or, Leagued with the Custom
87 The Girl in Black: or, The Bradys Trapping a Confidence Queen. | 148 The Bradys and the Bank Mystery; or, The Search for a Stolen Million
88 The Bradys in Mulberry Bend ; or, The Boy Slaves of “Little 1taly.”” | 149 The B Crippl K3 kin; ; the “Bad Men,”
mq ] A e Bradys st Cripple Creek; or, Knocking out the A
89 evom..w.ww ys' Battle for Life; or, The Keen Detectives’ Greatest __ mw .wwm m.ﬁmﬁ m:w%-é %@nws. m,.m u.m._wm_rwomu.émnw %%mon Dark. )
. 1e Bradys in Five Points; or, e eleton in the ar.
90 The Bradys and the Mad Doctor; or, The Haunted Mill in the |152 Fan aoa.wrmoiza Queen: or. The Bradys and the Chinese Smugglers.

Marsh.
91 The Bradys on the Rall; or, A Mystery of the Lightning Express. !

For sale by all newsdealers, or sent postpaid on receipt of price, 5 cents per copy, by -

FRANK TOUSEY, Publisher, 24 Union Square, New York %

e —

IF YOU WANT ANY BACK NUMBERS

of our Libraries and cannot procure them from newsdealers, they can be obtained from this office direct. Cut out and .n:
in the following Order Blank and send it to us with the price of the bocks you want and we will send them to you by re
turn mail. POSTAGE STAMPS TAKEN THE SAME AS MONEY. -

D R R R R O O A I I R O I I IR I N I S S P P R N R N ]

© 00 08 08 P s e s o s s 2 s e e e asae s e s P oo see G000 o

FRANK TOUSEY, Publisher, 24 Union Square, New York. S £ 1 ) I
DEear Sie—Enclosed find. . ...cents for which please send me: ,

- 2 TETATIT AATT:E TI7’TAT AT . .

